What are the types of Product Bundling? Note: Only one type of bundle feature can be activated at a
single time for a particular SKU. You must deactivate one bundle feature for that SKU in order to
reactivate another. Bundles: Quantity A form of promotion that offers a special discount when a
customer purchases multiple quantities. A seller can sell numerous items of the same SKU at a lower
price than if they were purchased separately. Bundles: Buy 1 Get 1 Free A common form of sales
promotion also known as two for one whilst the cost per item is proportionately cheaper than if
bought on its own, it is not actually half price. Bundles: Free Gift Free gift bundle is a type of
promotion where the customer gets a listed product at a 100% discount on the purchase of a specific
product Gifts are a great way to attract customers. Bundles: Combo A promotion where different
products are sold together as a set with one or more items at discounted prices Products with high
views and sales mix with less popular products. Check Guide to Creating Product Bundles What is the
Eligibility Criteria for customizing product? All products should be custom-made on the seller’s
store OR at least 50% of the products are custom-made. Minimum 5 customs products should be there if
a seller is selling only custom made products What are the Benefits of Product Customization? Match
Customer Demand Increase sales and competitive edge Customer engagement Build brand loyalty Gain
market research" What are the types of Product Bundling? Note: Only one type of bundle feature can
be activated at a single time for a particular SKU. Minimum 5 customs products should be there if a
seller is selling only custom made products What are the Benefits of Product Customization? Match
Customer Demand Increase sales and competitive edge Customer engagement Build brand loyalty Gain
market research" It increases your customer’s trust and will help you get a higher seller rating. It
reduces the rejection rate and returns rate thanks to product knowledge. What is the bundles return
policy? Customers must return all bundle products in order for the return to be processed. Returns
claims will not be accepted for incomplete bundles. Why should I create bundles? Sellers can create
bundles to differentiate their deals from competitors, especially in high-priced competitive
categories It's a great opportunity to sell low-cost items as part of a bundle Bundles allow sellers
to clear their inventory of whatever products they choose Additionally, bundles are a foolproof way
to attract customers and increase conversion rate, sales and enhance overall performance. What
happens when I am out of stock? Your bundle will be automatically deactivated. To reactivate, please
add stock and go to Seller Tools > Bundles to reactivate the bundle. What is Product Bundling?
Product bundling is offering several products for sale as one package or product. Sellers sell a
package or set of goods for a lower price than they would charge if the customer bought all of them
seperately. The bundle then attracts customers who would normally not buy the products without the
bundle. How to cancel a bundle? Visit to the Seller Center > Seller Tools > Select bundles from the
Seller Tools List > Deactivate the bundle. In my promotions list, what does "status" mean?" It
increases your customer’s trust and will help you get a higher seller rating. In my promotions list,
what does "status" mean?".