Home & Living Bedding & Bath, Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements,
Household & Home Storage Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind is not applicable
for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a
refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or
expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand
Warranty. Refer to our Warranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to
contact the seller/manufacturer. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items" What is the
cancellation and return policy for Buy More, Save More orders? Partial cancellations are not allowed
but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i. e. you will not be able to cancel 1
or 2 products in your order and would instead have to cancel the entire order. But if you decide to
apply for a return, you can return certain items out of your total Buy More, Save More order. If a
certain number of products from a Buy More, Save More order are eligible for a return, partial
refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality
checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of each bundle. The total amount paid
for the order will be divided by the quantity of products, multiplied by the number of items you
have returned. Cancellation is not allowed after your order is processed by the seller. In case you
have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return request
within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. Decision on returns and refunds taken by Daraz
will be final in its sole discretion. Returning Buy More, Save More products under ‘Change of mind’
return reason is not applicable. In case a customer tries to circumvent the terms and conditions and
abuse subsidies by creating new accounts, they will be unable to place their order. " Home & Living
Bedding & Bath, Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements, Household &
Home Storage Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind is not applicable for return
and refund. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items" Home & Living Bedding & Bath,
Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements, Household & Home Storage
Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund.
Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items".