Why should I create bundles? Sellers can create bundles to differentiate their deals from competitors, especially in high-priced competitive categories. It's a great opportunity to sell low-cost items as part of a bundle. Bundles allow sellers to clear their inventory of whatever products they choose. Additionally, bundles are a foolproof way to attract customers and increase conversion rate, sales and enhance overall performance. What is Product Bundling? Product bundling is offering several products for sale as one package or product. Sellers sell a package or set of goods for a lower price than they would charge if the customer bought all of them seperately. The bundle then attracts customers who would normally not buy the products without the bundle. What are the types of Product Bundling? Note: Only one type of bundle feature can be activated at a single time for a particular SKU. You must deactivate one bundle feature for that SKU in order to reactivate another. Bundles: Quantity A form of promotion that offers a special discount when a customer purchases multiple quantities. A seller can sell numerous items of the same SKU at a lower price than if they were purchased separately. Bundles: Buy 1 Get 1 Free. A common form of sales promotion also known as two for one. whilst the cost per item is proportionately cheaper than if bought on its own, it is not actually half price. Bundles: Free Gift. Free gift bundle is a type of promotion where the customer gets a listed product at a 100% discount on the purchase of a specific product Gifts are a great way to attract customers. Bundles: Combo. A promotion where different products are sold together as a set with one or more items at discounted prices. Products with high views and sales mix with less popular products. Check Guide to Creating Product Bundles What are the Benefits of creating Product Bundles? Sellers can create bundles to differentiate their deals from competitors, especially in high-priced competitive categories. It’s a great opportunity to sell low cost items as part of a bundle. Bundles allow Sellers to clear their inventory of whatever products they choose. Additionally, bundles are a full proof way to attract customers and increase conversion rate, sales and enhance overall performance