Welcome to the daraz.pk website (the "Site") operated by Jade E Services Pakistan Pvt Limited (Registration Number: '0080047). We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this Policy. Data protection is a matter of trust and your privacy is important to us. We shall therefore only use your name and other information which relates to you in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will only collect information where it is necessary for us to do so and we will only collect information if it is relevant to our dealings with you. We will only keep your information for as long as we are either required to by law or as is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected. We will cease to retain your personal data, or remove the means by which the data can be associated with you, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention no longer serves the purposes for which the personal data was collected, and is no longer necessary for any legal or business purpose. You can visit the Site and browse without having to provide personal details. During your visit to the Site you remain anonymous and at no time can we identify you unless you have an account on the Site and log on with your user name and password. Data that we collect We may collect various pieces of information if you seek to place an order for a product with us on the Site. We collect, store and process your data for processing your purchase on the Site and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect personal information including, but not limited to, your title, name, gender, date of birth, email address, postal address, delivery address (if different), telephone number, mobile number, fax number, payment details, payment card details or bank account details. Identity data, such as your name, gender, profile picture, and date of birth; Contact data, such as billing address, delivery address/location, email address and phone numbers; Biometric data, such as voice files and face recognition when you use our voice search function, and your facial features of when you use the Site; Billing account information: bank account details, credit card account and payment information (such account data may also be collected directly by our affiliates and/or third party payment service providers); Transaction records/data, such as details about orders and payments, user clicks, and other details of products and Services related to you; Technical data, such as Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, device information, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, international mobile equipment identity, device identifier, IMEI, MAC address, cookies (where applicable) and other information and technology on the devices you use to access the Site; Profile data, such as your username and password, account settings, orders related to you, user research, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses; Usage data, such as information on how you use the Site, products and Services or view any content on the Site, including the time spent on the Site, items and data searched for on the Site, access times and dates, as well as websites you were visiting before you came to the Site and other similar statistics; Location data, such as when you capture and share your location with us in the form of photographs or videos and upload such content to the Site; Marketing and communications data, such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties, your communication preferences and your chat, email or call history on the Site or with third party customer service providers; and Additional information we may request you to submit for due diligence checks or required by relevant authorities as required for identity verification (such as copies of government issued identification, e.g. passport, ID cards, etc.) or if we believe you are violating our Privacy Policy or our Customer Terms and Conditions. Identity and contact data, such as your name, date of birth or incorporation, company name, address, email address, phone number and other business-related information (e.g. company registration number, business licence, tax information, shareholder and director information, etc.); Account data, such as bank account details, bank statements, credit card details and payment details (such account data may also be collected directly by our affiliates and/or third party payment service providers); Transaction data, such as details about orders and payments, and other details of products and Services related to you; Technical data, such as Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, international mobile equipment identity, device identifier, IMEI, MAC address, cookies (where applicable) and other information and technology on the devices you use to access the Site; Profile data, such as your username and password, orders related to you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses; Usage data, such as information on how you use the Site, products and Services or view any content on the Site, including the time spent on the Site, items and data searched for on the Site, access times and dates, as well as websites you were visiting before you came to the Site and other similar statistics; Location data, such as when you capture and share your location with us in the form of photographs or videos and upload such content to the Site; Marketing and communications data, such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences and your chat, email or call history on the Site or with our third party seller service providers; and Additional information we may request you to submit for authentication (such as copies of government issued identification, e.g. passport, ID cards, etc.) or if we believe you are violating our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use. We will use the information you provide to enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our website and which you request in the following ways:. Process orders you submit through the Site; Deliver the products you have purchased through the Site for which we may pass your personal information on to a third party (e.g. our logistics partner) in order to make delivery of the product to you; Update you on the delivery of the products; Provide customer support for your orders; Verify and carry out payment transactions (including any credit card payments, bank transfers, offline payments, remittances, or e-wallet transactions) in relation to payments related to you and/or services used by you. In order to verify and carry out such payment transactions, payment information, which may include personal data, will be transferred to third parties such as our payment service providers; Providing services Facilitate your use of the services or access to the Site; Administer your account with us; Display your name, username or profile on the Site (including on any reviews you may post); Respond to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes, whether directly or through our third party service providers; and Display on scoreboards on the Site in relation to campaigns, mobile games or any other activity; Provide you with information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us (provided you have opted to receive such information); Send you marketing or promotional information about \ products and services on the Site from time to time (provided you have opted to receive such information); and Help us conduct marketing and advertising; Ascertain your identity in connection with fraud detection purposes; Compare information, and verify with third parties in order to ensure that the information is accurate; Process any complaints, feedback, enforcement action you may have lodged with us; Produce statistics and research for internal and statutory reporting and/or record-keeping requirements; Store, host, back up your personal data; Prevent or investigate any actual or suspected violations of our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, fraud, unlawful activity, omission or misconduct, whether relating to your use of Site or any other matter arising from your relationship with us; Perform due diligence checks; Comply with legal and regulatory requirements (including, where applicable, the display of your name, contact details and company details), including any law enforcement requests, in connection with any legal proceedings, or otherwise deemed necessary by us; and Where necessary to prevent a threat to life, health or safety. Understand your user experience on the Site; Improve the layout or content of the pages of the Site and customize them for users; Identify visitors on the Site; Conduct surveys, including carrying out research on our users’ demographics and behavior; Derive further attributes relating to you based on personal data provided by you (whether to us or third parties), in order to provide you with more targeted and/or relevant information; Conduct data analysis, testing and research, monitoring and analyzing usage and activity trends; Further develop our products and services; and Other Any other purpose to which your consent has been obtained; and Conduct automated decision-making processes in accordance with any of the above purposes. Providing Services To facilitate your use of the Site; To ship or deliver the products you have listed or sold through the Site. We may pass your personal information on to a third party (e.g. our logistics partners) or relevant regulatory authority (e.g. customs) in order to carry out shipping or delivery of the products listed or sold by you; To respond to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes, whether directly or through our third party service agents; To verify your documentation submitted to us facilitate your onboarding with us as a seller on the Site, including the testing of technologies to enable faster and more efficient onboarding; To administer your account (if any) with us; To display your name, username or profile on the Site; To verify and carry out financial transactions (including any credit card payments, bank transfers, offline payments, remittances, or e-wallet transactions) in relation to payments related to you and/or Services used by you. In order to verify and carry out such payment transactions, payment information, which may include personal data, will be transferred to third parties such as our payment service providers; To assess your application for loan facilities and/or to perform credit risk assessments in relation to your application for seller financing (where applicable); To provide you with ancillary logistics services to protect against risks of failed deliveries or customer returns; and To facilitate the return of products to you (which may be through our logistics partner). Marketing and advertising To send you marketing or promotional materials about our or third-party sellers’ products and services on our Site from time to time (provided you have opted to receive such information); and To help us conduct marketing and advertising. Legal and operational purposes To produce statistics and research for internal and statutory reporting and/or record-keeping requirements; To store, host, back up your personal data; To prevent or investigate any actual or suspected violations of our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, fraud, unlawful activity, omission or misconduct, whether relating to your use of our Services or any other matter arising from your relationship with us; To comply with legal and regulatory requirements (including, where applicable, the display of your name, contact details and company details), including any law enforcement requests, in connection with any legal proceedings or otherwise deemed necessary by us; Where necessary to prevent a threat to life, health or safety; To process any complaints, feedback, enforcement action and take-down requests in relation to any content you have uploaded to the Site; To compare information, and verify with third parties in order to ensure that the information is accurate; To ascertain your identity in connection with fraud detection purposes; and To facilitate the takedown of prohibited and controlled items from our Site. Analytics, research, business and development To audit the downloading of data from the Site; To understand the user experience with the Services and the Site; To improve the layout or content of the pages of the Site and customise them for users; To conduct surveys, including carrying out research on our users’ demographics and behaviour to improve our current technology (e.g. voice recognition tech, etc) via machine learning or other means; To derive further attributes relating to you based on personal data provided by you (whether to us or third parties), in order to provide you with more targeted and/or relevant information; To conduct data analysis, testing and research, monitoring and analysing usage and activity trends; To further develop our products and services; and To know our sellers better. Other Any other purpose to which your consent has been obtained; and To conduct automated decision-making processes in accordance with any of these purposes. Further, we will use the information you provide to administer your account with us; verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make; audit the downloading of data from our website; improve the layout and/or content of the pages of our website and customize them for users; identify visitors on our website; carry out research on our users' demographics; send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including information about our products and services, provided you have indicated that you have not objected to being contacted for these purposes. Subject to obtaining your consent we may contact you by email with details of other products and services. You may unsubscribe from receiving marketing information at any time in our mobile application settings or by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material. We may use your contact information to send newsletters from us and from our related companies. If you prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time. We may pass your name and address on to a third party in order to make delivery of the product to you (for example to our courier or supplier). You must only submit to us the Site information which is accurate and not misleading and you must keep it up to date and are responsible for informing us of changes to your personal data, or in the event you believe that the personal data we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or out of date.inform us of changes. You can update your personal data anytime by accessing your account on the Site. Your actual order details may be stored with us but for security reasons cannot be retrieved directly by us. However, you may access this information by logging into your account on the Site. Here you can view the details of your orders that have been completed, those which are open and those which are shortly to be dispatched and administer your address details, bank details ( for refund purposes) and any newsletter to which you may have subscribed. You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorized third parties. We cannot assume any liability for misuse of passwords unless this misuse is our fault. Other uses of your Personal Information We may use your personal information for opinion and market research. Your details are anonymous and will only be used for statistical purposes. You can choose to opt out of this at any time. Any answers to surveys or opinion polls we may ask you to complete will not be forwarded on to third parties. Disclosing your email address is only necessary if you would like to take part in competitions. We save the answers to our surveys separately from your email address. We may also send you other information about us, the Site, our other websites, our products, sales promotions, our newsletters, anything relating to other companies in our group or our business partners. If you would prefer not to receive any of this additional information as detailed in this paragraph (or any part of it) please click the 'unsubscribe' link in any email that we send to you. Within 7 working days (days which are neither (i) a Sunday, nor (ii) a public holiday anywhere in Pakistan) of receipt of your instruction we will cease to send you information as requested. If your instruction is unclear we will contact you for clarification. We may further anonymize data about users of the Site generally and use it for various purposes, including ascertaining the general location of the users and usage of certain aspects of the Site or a link contained in an email to those registered to receive them, and supplying that anonymized data to third parties such as publishers. However, that anonymized data will not be capable of identifying you personally. Competitions For any competition we use the data to notify winners and advertise our offers. You can find more details where applicable in our participation terms for the respective competition. Third Parties and Links We may pass your details to other companies in our group. We may also pass your details to our agents and subcontractors to help us with any of our uses of your data set out in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to assist us with delivering products to you, to help us to collect payments from you, to analyze data and to provide us with marketing or customer service assistance. We may also exchange information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Service providers (such as agents, vendors, contractors and partners) in areas such as payment services, logistics and shipping, marketing, data analytics, market or consumer research, survey, social media, customer service, installation services, information technology and website hosting; Their service providers and related companies; and Other users of the Site. We may transfer our databases containing your personal information if we sell our business or part of it, provided that we satisfy the requirements of applicable data protection law when disclosing your personal data. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law. The Site may contain advertising of third parties and links to other sites or frames of other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties or other sites, nor for any third party to whom we transfer your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You are advised to check on the applicable privacy policies of those websites to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you. In disclosing your personal data to third parties, we endeavor to ensure that the third parties and our affiliates keep your personal data secure from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, processing or similar risks and retain your personal data only for as long as your personal data helps with any of the uses of your data as set out in our Privacy Policy. We may transfer or permit the transfer of your personal data outside of Pakistan for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of Pakistan unless the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws and this Privacy Policy. We may share your personal data with our third party service providers or affiliates (e.g. payment service providers) in order for them to offer services to you other than those related to your use of the Site. Your acceptance and use of the third party service provider’s or our affiliate’s services shall be subject to terms and conditions as may be agreed between you and the third party service provider or our affiliate. Upon your acceptance of the third party service provider’s or our affiliate’s service offering, the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer and processing of your data (including your personal data and any data disclosed by us to such third party service provider or affiliate) shall be subject to the applicable privacy policy of the third party service provider or our affiliate, which shall be the data controller of such data. You agree that any queries or complaints relating to your acceptance or use of the third party service provider’s or our affiliate’s services shall be directed to the party named in the applicable privacy policy. Cookies We or our authorised service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies in connection with your use of the Site. The acceptance of cookies is not a requirement for visiting the Site. However, we would like to point out that the use of the 'basket' functionality on the Site and ordering is only possible with the activation of cookies. Cookies are small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) placed in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a website or view a message. They allow us to recognise a particular device or browser. Web beacons are small graphic images that may be included on the Site. They allow us to count users who have viewed these pages so that we can better understand your preference and interests. Cookies are tiny text files which identify your computer to our server as a unique user when you visit certain pages on the Site and they are stored by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can be used to recognize your Internet Protocol address, saving you time while you are on, or want to enter, the Site. We only use cookies for your convenience in using the Site (for example to remember who you are when you want to amend your shopping cart without having to re-enter your email address) and not for obtaining or using any other information about you (for example targeted advertising). However, certain cookies are required to enable core functionality (such as adding items to your shopping basket), so please note that changing and deleting cookies may affect the functionality available on the Sit. Your browser can be set to not accept cookies, but this would restrict your use of the Site. Please accept our assurance that our use of cookies does not contain any personal or private details and are free from viruses. If you want to find out more information about cookies, go to all-about-cookies or to find out about removing them from your browser, go to here. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Security We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to prevent unauthorized or unlawful access to or accidental loss of or destruction or damage to your information. When we collect data through the Site, we collect your personal details on a secure server. We use firewalls on our servers. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. You are responsible for protecting against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. You should be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our information security measures. Your rights If you are concerned about your data, you have the right to request access to the personal data which we may hold or process about you. You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. At any stage you also have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Where permitted by applicable data protection laws, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable administrative fee for retrieving your personal data records. If so, we will inform you of the fee before processing your request. You may communicate the withdrawal of your consent to the continued use, disclosure, storing and/or processing of your personal data by contacting our customer services, subject to the conditions and/or limitations imposed by applicable laws or regulations. Please note that if you communicate your withdrawal of your consent to our use, disclosure, storing or processing of your personal data for the purposes and in the manner as stated above or exercise your other rights as available under applicable local laws, we may not be in a position to continue to provide the Services to you or perform any contract we have with you, and we will not be liable in the event that we do not continue to provide the Services to, or perform our contract with you. Our legal rights and remedies are expressly reserved in such an event.
Furthermore, you also have the right to ask us to delete your data. If you would like to have your data deleted, fill out the Account Deactivation/Deletion Request Form (“Deletion Request”) or email your request to customer.pk@care.daraz.com. Once your request is received, we follow an internal deletion process to make sure that your data is safely removed in the next fifteen (15) working days. You'll be contacted for verification and your account will be deleted after necessary protocols are conformed to. Read more about the deletion process here. Minors We do not sell products to minors, i.e. individuals below the age of 18, on the Site and we do not knowingly collect any personal data relating to minors. You hereby confirm and warrant that you are above the age of 18 and are capable of understanding and accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you allow a minor to access the Site and buy products from the Site by using your account, you hereby consent to the processing of the minor’s personal data and accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and take responsibility for his or her actions. We will not be responsible for any unauthorized use of your account on the Site by yourself, users who act on your behalf or any unauthorized users. It is your responsibility to make your own informed decisions about the use of the Site and take necessary steps to prevent any misuse of the Site.
Can I access Daraz app from multiple devices? Yes, you can access the Daraz App from multiple devices
How do I deactivate or delete my account? If you'd like to deactivate or delete your Daraz account, simply fill up the account deactivation and deletion form Initiate your request by filling out the form We will contact you if we need more information Your account will be deactivated or deleted as requested Make sure that you're logged in from the account you want to delete or deactivate when you submit your request. Your account shouldn't have any active or pending orders You should have no active installment plans You shouldn't be a participant in any ongoing campaigns or rewards programs There should be no active deposit or refund requests All existing coins, vouchers, and bonuses in your account will be forfeited After you've submitted your request, we'll notify you within 72 hours on your request to ensure that the aforementioned conditions are met. You'll not be able to log in using your old email or phone number Your profile will be hidden but some information like product reviews will still be visible If you'd like to reactivate your account, chat with us You'll be unable to log in using your old email or phone number initially, you need to sign up with same credentials You'll not be able to view or retain any of your data If you want to use Daraz again, you can use the same email and phone number to create a new account
How to subscribe Daraz Newsletters? Log in to your Account Tap your name at the top right corner Click Manage My Account Click Subscribe from our Newsletter under the Personal Profile section Read Daraz Privacy Policy If you agree to the policy, click Subscribe
How to change the language on Daraz? To make shopping more convenient for you Daraz has added a language selection. You have the option of changing Daraz to your native language Urdu or to English. pasted image 0.png
How to Update or Change email address and Phone Number? Log in to your Daraz Account Go to "My Profile " Tap on "Account Information" Update your number Verify it using WhatsApp or select another method"
How to unsubscribe Daraz Newsletters? pasted image 1.png kc-oss-1662717033018-image.png Note: It will take 24 hours to remove your email. We will really miss you. Hope to see you again.
How do I manage the Push notifications? You will receive notifications about any discounts Daraz is now offering as well as any upcoming promotions and campaigns. kc-oss-1691050165666-Push notification.png
How can I add a new delivery address to my account? kc-oss-1691061388831-Add new address.png Note: Customer can add maximum 15 addresses in his/her address book.
How can I reset my password? Go to Forget Password and follow the steps to recover your account. kc-oss-1704194799228-Password E.png Note: If you are using Daraz on your phone's browser, you will be able to send OTP via WhatsApp.
How can I provide suggestions and feedback? Daraz always values customer input, and we always appreciate suggestions and feedback. These ideas and comments enable us to improve our services. You can chat with us live if you have any complaints or suggestions about our services, application, website, policies, etc.
How can I check if my verification code received via WhatsApp is authentic? Your verification code is shared via our official Daraz business account. In any circumstance, please don't share your verification code with anyone. The name of the account is 'Daraz'. There is a green verification badge right next to the name on WhatsApp. The message is sent from a business account. Note: In case you receive a message from a fraudulent account, please chat with us immediately
What should I do if I don't get the OTP or verification code when signing up? If you don't receive your verification code while signing up, here is what you can do .Resend your code after waiting for 60 seconds. kc-oss-1688993366894-image.png If it still does not work, go back and select another method to send verification code to your number kc-oss-1688993421983-image.png In case you don't receive the OTP when signing up, please contact us via Live Chat, Email, or call. We will facilitate you accordingly. 021-111-132729 customer.pk@care.daraz.com Live Chat
How can I login if I don't have Daraz account? If you don't have a Daraz Account, you can sign up via your Facebook or Google Account.
What should I do if my phone number is registered with another account? If your number is already linked to another Daraz account, Try to recover your account in which the number is linked or go to Forget Password. You can register a new contact number in your account if there is no other contact number linked. If you are still facing the issue then contact our Live Chat.
How can I sign up as a customer on Daraz? For Desktop: Follow the steps to sign up on Daraz. kc-oss-1693549589349-How signup.png
Is it safe to use public Wi-Fi for accessing my account? Using public Wi-Fi can be risky. Avoid accessing important accounts, especially for financial transactions, on public Wi-Fi. If needed, use a virtual private network (VPN) to add extra security by encrypting your connection.
What should I do if I receive a phishing email? & How can I recognise spam calls or text? Avoid clicking on any links or attachments. Do not reply or forward the email. Report the email to brand.abuse@daraz.com. Delete it from your inbox. Be cautious of unexpected calls seeking personal or financial information. Verify the caller's identity by calling back using a trusted number, not the one provided. Daraz does not request sensitive information over the phone, such as passwords or financial details.
What should I do if I can't log in to my account? If you can't log in to your account, try resetting your password. If that doesn't help, reach out to our customer support team for assistance.
How can I keep my account secure? Create strong, unique passwords and use a reliable password manager. Watch out for phishing scams and avoid sharing your password. Update your computer and phone software's regularly for better security. Use safe Wi-Fi connections that you can trust. Always log out when you're done using your accounts.
What should I do if I think my account has been compromised? If you think someone unauthorised accessed your account, change your password right away. Check your account activity for any unfamiliar actions and reach out to our support team to report the incident.
How can I recognize a phishing scam & what measures can I take to secure my account against social engineering attacks? Watch out for phishing scams that might try to trick you into clicking on a harmful link or sharing personal information. Be careful with unexpected emails asking for personal details or urgent actions. Check sender details, watch for spelling mistakes, and don't click on suspicious links. When unsure, contact the official support channel to verify. Be cautious of unexpected messages, double-check requests for important information through official channels, and don't share personal details online. Stay informed about social engineering tactics to stay alert.
How can I secure my account by creating a strong password? Here are some tips to create a strong password Make a strong password using a mix of uppercase and lowercase (big and small) letters, numbers, and symbols. Don't use things that are easy to guess, like names or birthdays. Change your password often, and don't use the same one for different accounts. How often should I update my account password? It's advisable to update your password regularly, ideally every three to six months. Doing this helps lower the risk of unauthorised access and makes your account more secure overall.
How does Daraz protect the customer's data? How we collect, use, and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information The steps we have taken to secure your personal information The Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Please check Privacy & Confidentiality to learn more
Daraz app not working. What should I do? If your Daraz App is not working, here are some steps you can take to resolve it. kc-oss-1689060268563-Slide1.png
I believe someone has logged in to my account and placed the order, what should I do? If you were notified of an unauthorized purchase using your credit or debit card or e-wallet, please contact your bank immediately to report and check if payment can still be stopped. Then, contact our Customer Service so we can address your concern. If you think your account has been accessed by someone not authorized to do so, please contact our Customer Service immediately so we can freeze your account balance and take action. At Daraz, we do all that we can to make sure that your account and data remains secure. However, we also need your help in doing your part in keeping your account safe and secure. Do not share your Daraz account details and password or any OTP to anyone. After shopping, always log out of the website, especially if you are using a public computer.
What is the condition of the Like New Devices? Has no to minimal scratches that are visible from an arm’s length, Has no dents or prominent damage. All Daraz Like New laptop purchases will come with all components fully functional with minor usage but no damage and a compatible charger. Daraz Like New products will be packaged in Like New original packaging. All systems come with a preinstalled operating system and will have a minimum battery back-up of one (1) hour under multimedia usage. Cosmetic condition: Excellent, i.e. i) Screen: no spots or damage; and ii) Body: no signs of breakage but minor signs of usage may be visible. Functional condition: Fully Functional (exceeds 80% of original battery life, generic or OEM accessories and packaging provided). Fully Functional No Sign of breakage or damage but minor sign of usage may be visible from arm's length
What we offer in Daraz Like New? Performance: In very good condition, as good as new. Quality Checks: There are 60+ quality checks. Easy Returns: We offer 1 month warranty for Smart watches and Speakers, 3 months Daraz warranty for treadmills and air buds and 6 months Daraz warranty for Tablet and Laptops Functionality: Fully functional. Aesthetic quality: Minimal signs of usage Note: Check Iphone_x_grading_report_like_new.pdf to see the complete quality check report.
How to file a return for Daraz Like New? Customers can reach out to our Customer Service live chat by scanning the QR code present on the warranty Card found in the box. Within 14 days – Customers can easily file a return through their app Beyond 14 days - Customers can reach out to our Customer Service live chat by scanning the Qr code present on the Warranty Card found in the box. Warranty claim is only valid if the item is defective Note: We recommend that you save and back up all your data, switch off any phone tracking options on the device and perform a factory-reset to remove all personal data sim and Memory cards before returning your item.
What are the terms and conditions for Daraz Like New? Warranty is not applicable if the product is subject to neglect, improper or reckless use including but not limited to incorrect mechanical or electrical installation, water damage, etc., or accidental damage from circuit damage due to voltage fluctuations, acts of God, etc. Warranty is also excluded in case of rooting, service from unauthorized personnel and damage from non-genuine, un-essential accessories. Daraz reserves the right to cancel the warranty and return the product of Daraz Like New without a refund in these cases. Daraz would be the judge on all such matters and its decision will be final and binding. Any type of discount vouchers, gift card and bank discount voucher will not be applicable on speakers, tablets , Laptops, air buds, treadmills and smartwatches Daraz holds the right to confiscate a speakers , tablets , Laptops, air buds, treadmills and smartwatches if found that any law enforcement agency or PTA has blocked its use due to involvement in illegal activity by the customer. Note: We recommend that you save and back up all your data, switch off any phone tracking options on the device and perform a factory reset to remove all personal data, sim and Memory cards before returning your item.
How do I know if my product has warranty? You may check if your product has a warranty by visiting the product page. Smart Watches and Speakers and Air buds that come with Daraz Like New badge are eligible for Daraz Like New 1 Months warranty. Treadmills that come with Daraz Like New badge are eligible for Daraz Like New 3 Months warranty . Laptops & Tablets that come with Daraz Like New badge are eligible for Daraz Like New 6 Months warranty.
What if I lose warranty Card, can I still claim my warranty? Yes, the warranty can still be claimed, contact our Customer service through the number: 021-111-132729
How do I claim my Daraz Like New Warranty? You can claim the Daraz Like New warranty by scanning the QR code or you may also directly contact our Customer service Team
What is Daraz Like New? Every Daraz product is thoroughly checked by experts to endure your product is original, has all genuine parts, and is in A+ condition. We want you to shop with confidence and be fully satisfied that your purchase on Daraz Like New looks and works like new. Daraz backs applicable products with the Daraz Like New warranty . We reserve the right to decline a return or refund if we determine that the Daraz Like New warranty is being abused.
Can I order medicines on Daraz? Yes, you can now order your medicines from Daraz in the comfort of your home. Below are the details of this product. You can order medicines through prepayment methods (Easypaisa, JazzCash, Debit/Credit Card, Daraz Wallet) For the Medicines that need a prescription, the prescription can be shared with the seller through IM (Instant Messaging) Seller is allowed to contact the customer through Daraz chat Customers can directly contact the seller in case any order will not be delivered or there is any delay. (Instant Messaging) The delivery timeline for medicines is 5 days Customer can place only 3 items per order Order minimum value should be Rs. 320 Free delivery for all customers
What are the Terms and Conditions of 2x Money Back Guarantee? 2x Money Back Guarantee is Daraz’s promise that all the items sold on Daraz’s online platform (“Platform”) under Daraz Mall category are 100% authentic from verified brands, and in the event you receive a counterfeit or fake item from a Daraz Mall seller, you will be able to claim 2x Money Back upon return of the said item to Daraz, subject to the terms and conditions given below. The item must be marked as delivered and should be in customers’ possession. Return request must be submitted by you within 14 days from the date of delivery. When submitting your return request, select “The item is fake or is a counterfeit item” as the return reason. Requests raised against any other return reason such as damage or missing freebies will not be eligible for 2x Money Back claim. The 2x Money Back claim is not applicable on digital goods and grocery. Once you have raised the claim in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein, Daraz shall notify you about the status of your claim via email within 14 days from the date of submitting your claim. Note: Daraz reserves the right to request additional documentation or information from the customer to verify your claim, and Daraz may also request proof from the Daraz Mall seller for the purpose of verifying the claim. If your claim is verified, you will first receive a refund of the paid amount in the original payment account (e.g. bank account) which was initially used to make the payment (pre-paid orders). For cash on delivery orders, the refund of the paid amount will be processed either to your bank account or an equivalent amount of Daraz wallet credit will be issued. The 2x Money Back Guarantee amount will be credited to your account as Daraz wallet credit for use on future purchases. 2x Money Back Guarantee amount is valid for up to 180 days from the day it is credited. The 2x Money Back Guarantee amount will be calculated based on the listed sales price of items at the time of purchase excluding delivery fees, cash payment fees, and any other special discounts including but not limited to vouchers/coupons, cashback, or credit card discounts. (1) There is no maximum limit on the 2x Money Back Guarantee Amount. (2) Any decision(s) in relation to 2x Money Back Guarantee taken by Daraz will be final in its sole discretion. Daraz also reserves the right to amend or otherwise vary these terms and conditions at any time without any prior notice.
What is Daraz Mall? Daraz Mall is a dedicated channel with a carefully curated selection of branded items sourced directly from brands or their authorized sellers, and where the customers can find genuine items with the option of 14-day return policy.
What is a counterfeit or fake item? A counterfeit or fake item refers to an exact imitation of something valuable made with the intention to deceive or defraud customers. Apply for a return request in accordance with the Returns Policy. Select “return reason” - “The item is fake or is a counterfeit item” In the “return reason” section, please state why you think the item is fake or counterfeit. Serial numbers (search for any indication of a barcode with a serial number, if available); Brand's logo and its placement on the item; Tags (either sewn in or hang tags, if available) and their position on the item; and Close-up images of the item received by you to show where and/or how it differs from the original, if available; and Packaging/wrapping/box of the item Submit Your request Note: Customers are responsible for returning the item in the same condition in which it was delivered as per the Returns Policy and must include all documentation, such as warranty cards, packaging, freebies, etc.
How do I make sure the items I order from Daraz are 100% original? If you want to make sure that the items you are ordering from Daraz are 100% authentic by trusted brands, order from Daraz Mall. Daraz Mall is a dedicated channel with a carefully curated selection of authentic items sourced directly from trusted brands. Shopping on Daraz Mall is the highest-quality online shopping experience you can get. All Daraz Mall items are 100% authentic and covered under 2x Money Back Guarantee. If any of the items from Daraz Mall is verified as fake or counterfeit, you get a refund of the original amount with 2x Money Back Guarantee. Read more about how you can submit a return request if you think your DarazMall item is fake or a counterfeit.
Is express delivery available on Daraz Mall products? Yes, express shipping is available for Daraz Mall items. Based on where you are, Express Shipping delivery times may change.
What brands and categories are available on Daraz Mall? kc-oss-1603362231005-image.png Daraz Mall stocks brands from all the mentioned categories and includes brands like L'Oréal, Dettol, Lipton, Habitt, Philips etc.
I think my Daraz Mall item is Fake/Counterfeit What should I do? kc-oss-1691065072892-How to return (2).png All brands on Daraz Mall are 100% authentic and are covered under 2x Money Back Guarantee. If you think your Daraz Mall item is fake or a counterfeit, apply for a return and select “this item is fake or is a counterfeit item” while submitting your return request. If your claim is verified, we will refund you the original amount along with the 2x Money Back Guarantee amount. For more information, check our Return and Refund Policy. Terms and Conditions apply
What is a Flagship Store? Leading international and local brands, online brands, and retailers all have flagship stores. The cornerstone and core brands that makeup Daraz Mall are flagship brands. Remember that Daraz has "Online Flagship Stores". They are not physical outlets/ stores.
How to cancel my Daraz Mall order? Cancellations are easy! In order to cancel any order, check How to cancel the order? https://youtu.be/dRlaV-HBqtY NOTE: For prepaid orders, we will refund your amount as per our Refund Policy.
What are the delivery timelines of Daraz Mall products? You may receive your parcel in a minimum of 1 Business day. Depending on where the delivery is made, different delivery times may apply.
How do I find Daraz Mall Products on Daraz? Search for the items that you desire. options will appear on the left; choose Authentic Brands. kc-oss-1707822204393-Group 2016.png
What is Daraz Candy and how do I access it? Daraz Candy is an exciting in-app game available on the Daraz platform, designed to engage users and provide them with a fun and addictive gaming experience. You can access Daraz Candy directly within the Daraz app. Simply look for the "Daraz Candy" icon or tab within the app's navigation menu. Click on it to start playing the game. kc-oss-1693907990844-How to access Daraz Candy game.png
Can I use earned coins for other purposes within Daraz? Yes, you can use the coins you've earned from Daraz Candy for other activities within the Daraz platform. You can redeem your earned coins for discounts on items, making your shopping experience even more rewarding. pasted image 0.png
What happens if I uninstall the Daraz App? Will I lose my progress? Uninstalling the Daraz app will remove the game from your device, but your progress is saved as long as you're logged in with your Daraz account. When you reinstall and log in again, your progress will be restored.
How do I use the different types of Boosters in Daraz Candy? Boosters, such as Dye Potion, Hammer, Rocket, Swap, Missile, Bomb, Plane, and Lightning Ball, have unique effects in the game. You can use these Boosters strategically to help you clear challenging levels. To use a Booster, select it from your inventory during a level and follow the on-screen instructions. candy.png Note: After finishing level 8, you will be qualified to receive game boosters as a reward.
How many levels are there in Candy Game? There are currently 400 levels available in Daraz Candy. and additional levels will be added in the future.
How can I earn coins in Daraz Candy? Complete 5 game levels daily to earn 700 coins, keeping in mind the 700-coin daily collection limit.
What are Boosters and how can I get them? Game rewards: Some levels will reward you with Boosters upon completion. Exchange coins for Boosters: Use your earned coins to purchase Boosters that can give you an edge in the game. Note: After finishing level 8, you will be qualified to receive game boosters as a reward.
Can I play Daraz Candy on multiple devices? Yes, you can play Daraz Candy on multiple devices as long as you're logged in with the same Daraz account. Your progress and earned rewards will be synced across devices.
How to play Daraz Candy? Swap candies to match sets of 3 or more in identical colours. Matched candies will be eliminated and other candies above will be shifted down. Fulfil level targets in order to clear the level and get stars. pasted image 1.png
What if I encounter technical issues or have questions about the game? If you experience technical difficulties or have questions about Daraz Candy, you can reach out to our customer support team. They're available to assist you and address any concerns you might have. pasted image 2.png
Can I play Daraz Candy without an internet connection? No, Daraz Candy requires an active internet connection to play. This ensures that your progress and rewards are properly recorded and synchronized with the game servers.
What are the terms and conditions for Daraz candy? Your participation is subject to our game terms and conditions of participation, Daraz’s user terms and conditions, and all other applicable policies as amended from time to time, digital goods terms & conditions, terms and conditions for the Daraz coins program, and Daraz’s Privacy Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, the Coins referred to and used in Daraz Candy shall refer to Daraz coins and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Daraz coins program. Rewards have no cash or monetary value, and may not be exchanged for currency in any form. Under no circumstances shall Rewards be purchased, resold or transferred by, or to, Users, for monetary value or otherwise. Save for where expressly permitted by Daraz, Rewards shall not be regarded, construed, implied, or used as valuable or exchangeable instruments under any circumstance. The quantity of Rewards issued to you, the conversion rates amongst items received in the Game, and Coins is determined by Daraz and may change from time to time at its sole discretion. Daraz may cancel or void any Rewards to you, where it determines or reasonably suspects that you have breached any specific game rules, or any applicable terms and conditions applicable to users on the Platform. If for any reasons any aspect of the game is not capable of running as planned, including by reason of computer virus, communications network failure, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failure or any cause beyond the control of Daraz, Daraz may cancel, terminate, modify and/or suspend the game and invalidate any affected activities, or suspect or modify the Rewards. Daraz reserves the right to modify the How to Play rules, the Program Duration, Rewards, and these Terms and Conditions in its sole discretion and will notify you of such changes as they take place in a manner that Daraz deems appropriate. Your continued participation in the Program constitutes your deemed acceptance of any such changes.
Are there any limitations to using earned coins and rewards? Yes, there are certain terms and conditions associated with the use of earned coins and rewards. They cannot be exchanged for real currency, resold, or transferred. Additionally, Daraz reserves the right to modify the expiration dates of rewards and update terms as needed.
Why am I unable to make the payment for Daraz Bills? If you are facing an error in making a payment, it is possible that You typed the wrong payment information or due to some technical difficulties. You can update your card information or try again later, but if the problems continue, You may contact your bank or payment partner's facilitation center for help. Note: if the problem is not from your bank or payment partner then please contact us via Live Chat for more assistance.
What to do if I’m facing the issue of Incorrect OR outdated bills? Make sure that you are inserting the correct Account / Customer ID. Make sure that your current bill is generated from the relevant company (e.g. K.E) In case each and everything is verified yet the issue exists, please reach out to us on Live Chat.
What is an Account Number shown on Utility Checkout page? Reference Number Account ID Customer Number Consumer Code kc-oss-1655462523346-Dbills accounts.png
What is Daraz Bills? Daraz Bills is a facility for Daraz customers to pay their utility bills on Daraz App. We offer Water, Gas and Electricity bill payment for over 20 companies. kc-oss-1690267582692-image.png Credit / Debit Card JazzCash Easypaisa Wallet HBL Bank Account Internet Banking / UnionPay Card to make payment Daraz Wallet To know more about Daraz Bills, please watch the video below https://youtu.be/Zz7e_APPU1E
What are mechanics of paying utility bills? A customer may place a maximum of 3 orders (Bills) in one month. A buyer would be able to pay 100,000 Rs per bill. Customers won't be able to place an orders of more than 180,000 Rs in each month. An error message ""Transaction restricted. Please try again in few days"" will be displayed to every customer who exceeds the limitation.
Can I cancel my utility payment? Once you've made the payment of your utility bills you can't cancel it
What are delivery timelines and return policy for Daraz Bills? Payment will reflect in a maximum of 24 - 48 hours in the Utility company account. For PTCL the payment will be done in real-time. There is No Return Policy for Daraz Bills.
What are the guidelines when filling out required fields on Daraz Bills? Do not use capital words when inserting any Customer/Consumer ID If the current bill is not showing and the old bill record is reflecting For the KWSB bill, only insert the Consumer ID In case, you have inserted all the correct details and are still facing the issue of Data not Available, then you may reach out to us via Live Chat.
How can I avail Free Shipping on Daraz Mart? This offer is only applicable on Daraz mart items. All users are eligible to utilize Free Shipping. Discount will apply directly on checkout and it is flat free shipping on the minimum order value of Rs. 4000. Customer order limit is set to 5 per month. Customer have to collect the voucher & voucher will only reflect to Non Karachi & Lahore Customers. It is flat free shipping on the minimum order value of Rs. 6000 along with the max cap of Rs.1000. Customer order limit is set to 2 per week.
What is Daraz Mart? Your daily grocery shopping is just a few taps away. Daraz brings Daraz Mart - the perfect solution to your day-to-day grocery shopping. From groceries, snacks to beauty and care, we have got you covered! Daraz Mart makes sure that all the products delivered to you are genuine and fresh! The products are delivered through express delivery to ensure fast delivery of goods (express delivery in Karachi & Lahore only)
What are the delivery timelines for Daraz Mart products? You can find the estimated delivery timeline on the product page. kc-oss-1666075626270-ED mall web.png
How do I identify the Daraz Mart product? kc-oss-1689163072734-Group 9.png To order a Daraz Mart product, login to your daraz app (Android operating system), please make sure that you have the latest version of the app installed You can identify Daraz Mart products through the Daraz Mart tag on the product page
What is the return policy for Daraz Mart products? Item is damaged, defective, or expired Item is incorrect, counterfeit, or not as advertised Item, freebie, or accessory is missing If you have received the order with the broken seal, or you have received the rotten vegetables kindly contact our Care Champs (Live Chat) with the picture of the order and airway bill. You can initiate the return request for Daraz Mart / Daraz Mall products within 14 days once the order status has been updated to “Delivered”. If the order has been delivered to you and the status has not been updated, it will be updated within 24-48 hours. The return window will only begin when the status has been updated and your return timeline will start from the Delivered status update.
How can I trust that the groceries delivered to me are fresh? The products of Daraz Mall go through strict quality checks to ensure that the order delivered to you is up to the mark, for an optimal customer experience.
How to cancel Daraz Mart order? kc-oss-1689327848312-image.png If you are still facing any issues then contact us on Live Chat.
How can I change the video quality? Viewers can alter the video quality between three levels (270P, 360P, 480P & Auto) where streaming service is deemed by default to be better based on the device's internet speed. kc-oss-1691136122154-Slide1.png
What is Daraz Live? Daraz Live is a new platform that allows sellers to communicate with Daraz App visitors in real time. Sellers have the option of going live and answering inquiries in real time. This platform will allow buyers to see a video review of their favorite item, watch unboxing videos, and ask any questions they may have about the product before purchasing it. This assists customers in making the best decision possible.
How to place orders during Live Streaming? Order placement during live streaming is very easy. If you like any product of the streamer then click on the “Add to Cart” option next to the item picture. kc-oss-1641890667469-Video.png
Why am I unable to connect to the Live stream? There is a glitch while watching the match, what should I do? / I am getting the error, "too many users, try again" What should I do? / Why i am unable to connect to the live stream? When the device is connected to a VPN, this issue occurs. If you are using a VPN connection, turn it off and try again.
How to Collect Vouchers during a Live stream? pasted image 3.png Look for the pop-up voucher tab displaying the discount offer. Click on the tab, which will redirect you to the voucher section. Review the terms and conditions and check the minimum spend requirement, if any. To Check how to redeem them please check What are Daraz Vouchers and how to use them?
How can I watch the stream without seeing any comments? By swiping right, the viewer can activate "quiet mode," which hides the feed (comments, likes, products, and so on). By swiping to the left, viewers can turn off quiet mode.
How can I follow a streamer? Click on any video of the seller to follow a streamer live/past/coming. Click on follow next to the seller's name. Once the seller is followed, the status will appear as following.
When a specific seller of my interest goes active, how may I receive a notification? Follow a streamer to receive a notification. Viewers can receive a notification when a streamer is going live, or when the reminder is being set live on a stream. You will get up to two notifications per day.
What will be the duration of the live videos? Daraz encourages all sellers to keep it small to hold their customers' interest. The videos are usually 5-15 minutes long.
Why do I receive a notice saying, "This voucher is fully collected"? Collectible vouchers are always in limited quantity and if the coupon quantity is fully exhausted, the viewer will see the message "This voucher has been fully collected". Platform vouchers will say, "Daraz Voucher" while others will not have any title.
How do I get Live Streaming videos on App? You can access Daraz Live and follow your favourite live session by following the steps below. kc-oss-1691135208150-Daraz Live.png
Why do I see the "Presenter is away" message? / Why do I see the "Streamer is away" message? When a network issue arises, this notice will appear. Please check your internet connection to continue watching the live stream. The video quality may also be affected due to unstable internet connection.
Can I avail discount from coins? Yes you can use coins to avail discount. You can avail of a maximum discount of Rs. 80 against 8000 coins also the minimum order limit is Rs. 1000.
How can I check the status of my Daraz Club membership? Follow the steps given below to check the status of Daraz Club membership. kc-oss-1691146146845-Regional Daraz Club.png Note: As soon as you qualify, you will enjoy the benefits of being a Daraz Club member for the current period and the next period. This means you will always have at least 12 months of benefits to enjoy!
What is my Redemption limit for coins? The maximum number of coins redeemed by the customer shall be 8000 coins on daily basis and 16,000 coins on weekly basis. Once the customer has reached the maximum daily or weekly redemption limit, the customer will not be able to redeem any more coins for the day or week. The customer shall be able to track their redemption limit progress on the redemption progress bar on the coins page. The redemption limit progress of the customer shall be refreshed at 0:00 everyday for daily redemption limit and Monday 00.00 every week for weekly redemption limit. Daraz reserves the right to change the maximum redemption limit of coins applicable for everyday and week as well as conditions mentioned in this Clause from time to time without further notice to the customer. The maximum discount percentage applicable per order will be 2% but the same will depend on the number of coins redeemed by the customer.
What is my collection limit for coins? Customers can earn 4000 coins on a daily or 8000 coins on a weekly basis Coins are locked against each order according to daily/weekly limit at the time of order placement. Once the order is delivered the coins will be available for use in the Coins Balance section on the Daraz Club page. Once the customer has reached the maximum daily or weekly collection limit, the customer will not be able to collect any more coins for the day or week. The customer shall be able to track their collection limit progress on the collection progress bar on the coins page. The collection limit progress of the customer shall be refreshed at 0:00 everyday for daily collection limit and Monday 00.00 every week for weekly collection limit. Daraz reserves the right to change the maximum collection limit of coins applicable for everyday and week as well as conditions mentioned in this Clause from time to time without further notice to the customer.
How to join the Daraz Club? (a) Placed at least 4 orders in the last 6 months (b) Spend a total of Rs 8,000 in the last 6 months Once you achieved above 2 criteria, you will automatically become a member
Why am I unable to redeem coins on my order? Only eligible products with coins-discount can be purchased with coin redemption. You need to have sufficient coins in your balance. You have not exceed your daily or weekly coin redemption limit.
Will my coins expire if I'm a Daraz Club member? Yes, your coins will expire in 6 months from the date they have been collected. For example, you collect your coins on 1st January 2024. Their expiry will be on 30th June 2024. kc-oss-1705399666252-Group 1988.png
What is Daraz club and how do I qualify for it? Daraz Club is a membership program that rewards shoppers with exclusive benefits. Go to Benefits of becoming a member of Daraz Club to view benefits available to Daraz Club Members. Start collecting as many coins as you can to enjoy the benefits of Daraz Club. As soon as you have collected enough coins to qualify, you will become a Daraz club member. After becoming a Daraz Club Member, you can redeem the coins accumulated in your Daraz Account in exchange for discounts on your next purchase from Daraz’s App at the time of checking out and can enjoy other exclusive member benefits. Purchase of Rs. 1 /- (One Rupee) is equivalent to 100 coin (“collection exchange rate”). To Join Daraz Club a customer should have 8,000 Coins limit. You can collect 4000 Coins per day and 8000 coins can be collected weekly.
What are the Benefits of becoming a member of Daraz Club? By becoming a member, you can enjoy - Up to 3 monthly exclusive VIP vouchers that only members can use - Upsize coins earn from your purchases - Collect upsize amount of coins from daily check-in in coins page To check your progress and the coins please check How can I view the coin collection and redemption progress?
How do I navigate to digital goods? Sign in to the Daraz app and select "Pay." kc-oss-1656068651070-Slide1.png Choose the category from which you want to shop. kc-oss-1656068666831-Slide2.png
What is the delivery timeline of Digital Goods? Once you have registered and made the payment, you will receive your digital good(s) within 24 hours and Gift card below Rs. 10,000 within 2 working days & Above Rs. 10,000 within 4 working days.
What is favourite number? kc-oss-1679473079378-image.png The top-up module lets you choose your network, phone number, and top up type (prepaid/postpaid/package). Toggle the "save as favorite" option to "yes" to save top up transaction as favorite. The saved as favorite transactions shall appear under the favorites tab for each mobile service, for prepaid, postpaid & packages. On the front end, the top five favorites will be displayed in descending order of usage. To enable faster checkout the next time, simply choose your favorite transaction appearing, as explained above, & tap on "Top up now" to proceed to payment.
What are the payment methods available for Digital Goods? Credit/Debit Card HBL Direct Transfer JazzCash EasyPaisa Daraz Wallet
What is Digital Goods? Online shopping is a hassle-free way to buy various things from various retailers. Make a simple, safe, and convenient payment Gift cards are sent within 2 working days and digital goods take 24 hours to deliver to your registered email. Note: For digital orders, Saturday and Sunday will not be considered working days.
How to do mobile Top-up? kc-oss-1691149829441-Top UP.png Tap on "Pay" Icon Click on any "Telco Provider logo" to proceed towards Top Up screen Select your network Enter the phone number or select a number from your contacts Select your type of network (prepaid/postpaid) or select packages for bundles and offers Enter or select the amount you want to top up & tap on "Top Up Now" Next, select the payment method & tap on "Pay Now"
How to initiate a return request for Digital goods? To initiate return request for digital goods please follow the steps mentioned below kc-oss-1692254424177-Digital Good ORF.png
Can i return Digital goods? Now you can initiate the return request for Digital goods Items! If you have any concerns with your Digital goods purchase, such as Incorrect code, code not received, expired code or any other complaints please initiate a return request once the item is marked delivered.
What is Top Up? With only a few clicks, you may recharge your mobile phone with the Daraz app. With the new Daraz Mobile top up option, you can quickly recharge your phone on the cellular network of your choice with prepaid, postpaid, and bundle packages. dccabf34-c545-4485-be22-1ab8014097fd_PK-1188-505.png
What are the available categories on Daraz Digital Goods? Bills: You can pay your Utility Bills online from Daraz now just be relaxed and pay online anywhere. Mobile Recharge: Get your mobile recharge without any hassle, use your mobile data packages and make calls without any worries now so get your online recharge today Coins: To get the coins, complete all of the daily missions to get a discount on the products you desire. Games: Download the games to entertain yourself with the multiple collections of games Entertainment Cards: This includes Gaming Gift Cards and Entertainment Subscriptions. You can also gift E-Gift cards to your loved ones which they can redeem without spending any penny E-Learning: You can now buy the Massive Open Online Courses at discounted prices and learn skills from accredited sources
How can I get my digital goods delivered? Your digital goods will be delivered to the registered email address within 24 hours, and gift cards will be delivered in 2 working days for order under Rs. 10,000 and 4 working days for order above Rs. 10,000. NOTE: Delivery of Digital Goods is not applicable on Saturday and Sunday.
I have not received any email after placing my order on Daraz? What should I do? Please ensure that the purchase was successfully completed on Daraz. If yes, and you have still not received any email address, please contact Onic customer happiness team at happiness@Onic.com.pk
In the event that I mistakenly enter an incorrect email address, what do I do? Please ensure that the email address entered is correct. In case an order has been placed with an incorrect address, the order will have to be cancelled and a new order must be placed.
How do I visit/buy from Onic on Daraz? You can access by visiting the Onic store on Daraz pasted image 4.png Every Pakistani over the age of 18 years is allowed to purchase a SIM card under their name.Moreover, under PTA regulations, an individual is allowed to have up to five voice SIM and three data SIMs under your CNIC. Therefore, before ordering, please ensure that you have 4 or less SIMs registered under your CNIC in order to avoid cancellations. Note: You can make a payment using online methods, such as prepaid options, and securely verify it with a one-time password (OTP).
How can I port my existing mobile number to Onic? a) Select "Port-in" and enter your current mobile number and current mobile operator. b) Enter the One-Time Password received on your existing mobile number. c) Enter the personal details, provide the details for door-step delivery and choose the delivery slot. d) Review the order details and make the payment. e) Upon the successful biometric verification and SIM handover by our rider, login the Onic app and activate your SIM by clicking the "Activate" button. Sending an SMS 'MNP' to 667. Sending the response received from the above SMS to 76333 Please ensure that you send these SMS after activation otherwise your port-in request will not be acknowledged by Onic. g) Once the porting process is completed, you will receive the updated status on your Onic app. h) On successful port-in, your mobile number will be transferred to Onic and your SIM card is ready for use. i) Please insert your SIM in your phone to start using your Onic SIM. Please note that to initiate your port-in request, you need to SMS 'MNP' to 667 and send the received response to 76333. Please make sure that you initiate your port-in request AFTER activation. Please Do NOT terminate your existing number with your current mobile operator. Otherwise, Onic won't be able to port-in your number to their network! Your service with your existing mobile network will be automatically terminated after we've successfully transferred your number to Onic. Till that time, you can keep using your existing number.
Do I get any other benefits on buying an Onic SIM through Daraz? Discounted Plans: Gain access to special discounts on all Onic plans, ensuring you receive the best value for your mobile services. Unlimited Calls and SMS: Enjoy unlimited calls and SMS included with each plan, allowing you to stay connected without any additional charges. Golootlo Voucher: Receive a Golootlo voucher worth Rs. 600, offering you savings on a variety of goods and services. Daraz Voucher: Get a Daraz voucher worth Rs. 300, which can be used for shopping on the Daraz platform. Free Pandapro Subscription: Enjoy a complimentary one-month subscription to Pandapro. Careem Voucher: Receive a Careem voucher worth Rs. 750, giving you the opportunity to take advantage of convenient and discounted ride-sharing services. These exclusive benefits are our way of showing appreciation for choosing Onic as your mobile service provider.
Which cities is doorstep sim delivery available for? Sim delivery is only available for Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Faisalabad, Hyderabad, Sialkot, Peshawar, Gujranwala and Multan. For any other city, sim delivery is not available.
How do I choose a SIM card and How can I activate my Onic sim? pasted image 5.png If you already have an Onic sim associated with your email address you will be automatically eligible for the plan and it will be updated on your number. In the case that you don’t have an Onic sim associated with your email address, you will be taken to the sim journey and will get the selected plan with the sim. You can activate your SIM card through the Onic app or web-based application after your BVS verification is successful. Upon successful login, you can click on the "Activate" button, enter or scan the ICCID code from the SIM package provided and start using Onic services. Please note that sim activation can not be done on Daraz.
Do the Global Collection products have warranty? The Global Collection products do not have Warranty, To know more about the Warranty on products, please check Warranty Policy
What is the cancellation policy of Global Collection products? Daraz cannot halt the delivery of the product since the import process has started. Therefore, after it has arrived at the China warehouse, you cannot cancel your order (Change of mind is not applicable). You can contact us via Live Chat, we will facilitate you accordingly.
What is the delivery timeline of Global Collection products? Global / Overseas products are internationally sourced products and take 18 - 24 flat days to be delivered to your doorstep. To know more about the Global Collection range at Daraz, please visit Global Collection. Note: The maximum limit for orders of overseas items is Rs. 5000. No orders can be placed for more than Rs. 5000.
What are Global Collection products? High Quality International Products from around the globe The maximum limit for orders of overseas items is Rs. 5000. No orders can be placed for more than Rs. 5000 Products are internationally sourced and take18-24 flat days to be delivered 7 Days Easy Return policy *Change of mind is not applicable to the Global products Daraz Global Collection Express Delivery products are delivered within the given timeline on the product page *On Selected Products 70% off & above with our weekly Warehouse Clearance Sale *On Selected products Follow your favorite stores and get personalized recommendations, and stay updated on new products and discounts
What is the refund & Free & Easy Returns Policy of Global Collection products? The refund policy of Global Collection products is similar to that of other products offered by Daraz. To know more about the refund policy, please check Refunds Policy. The Global Collection products have 14 days easy return policy, *Change of mind is not applicable". To know more about the Free & Easy Returns Policy, please check Returns Policy.
How do I identify a Global Collection product? 1. Login to your Daraz Account 2. Search the desired product in the Search bar 3. Click the bottom left filter icon, and select China as location 4. You can now view all global products on screen. Tap the desired product, and scroll down for more details
Which brands are available at Fashion & Lifestyle stores? Daraz Fashion & Lifestyle Store is a One-Stop Solution for all the fashion inspiration. You can have the largest assortment from local sellers, leading fashion brands, and international brands as well as the global collection and our very own private label. Find the perfect product for yourself from our collection of over 7 million products. FSL.png
What is the Fashion & Lifestyle Store at Daraz? Daraz Fashion & Lifestyle Store is a One-Stop Solution for all the fashion inspiration. You can have the largest assortment from local sellers, leading fashion brands, international brands as well as the global collection, and our very own private label. Find the perfect product for yourself from our collection of over 7 million products. Best deals at the lowest possible price The navigation is to help you filter out the pages and land you directly on one of your desired fashion categories Latest Brand offerings and discounts Blogs A step by step guide to help you shop for the desired product https://youtu.be/gIICJQ-w2cc
How do I find Fashion & Lifestyle category at Daraz? Open the Daraz app and click Fashion & Lifestyle The In-App Navigation feature helps you filter out the pages and lands you directly on one of your interests. You can choose your desired product from the Big Brands or the trending items.
What is the return policy of Fashion & Lifestyle item(s) at Daraz? The return policy for the Fashion & Lifestyle products can be checked on the Product Display Page. To know more about the return policy at Daraz, please check Return Policy
Which categories are available at Fashion & Lifestyle Stores? kc-oss-1603567362486-image.png kc-oss-1603568947588-image.png
What is the order delivery timeline of Fashion & Lifestyle products at Daraz? You can find the Order Delivery timeline of your desired Fashion & Lifestyle category item(s) on the Product Display page.
What is Daraz Cares? We exist to empower people and create economic opportunity, the good that emerges, is the impact - People building businesses on Daraz, NGOs raising funds, entrepreneurs learning skills and venturing into new markets, meeting customers and exploring opportunities to grow as a society; that's how we deliver happiness. Daraz Charity & Donation Daraz Campus Ambassador Program Daraz Seller Stories Daraz Community https://youtu.be/c2Y_sOHE7LI
What is affiliate program? The easiest way to monetize your online presence! With millions of products and programs available on Daraz, content creators, publishers and bloggers use easy link-building tools to direct their audience to their recommendations and earn commissions on qualifying purchases. Daraz Affiliates benefit from our global network of high-quality brands and attractive promotions. Recommend products to your readers, followers, family, and friends! Earn Commissions and set up a new source of income today. For more details please check Affiliate Details
What is Daraz Ambassador Program? Daraz Ambassador Program is an affiliate marketing program where you can earn cash from every purchase generated from your affiliate links. kc-oss-1708874273693-Group 2022.png
How can I avail weekly payment partner discount? Shopping got even more exciting with Daraz! Avail multiple discounts with us throughout the week. https://youtu.be/iGl_yKNoCC0 [555699] [517420] [536632] [539160] [536619] [490471][482106] [621657] [490288] [490287] [494123] [490286][494122] [542831] [518496] [547175] [524643] [405048] [472439] [410524] [410525] [415118] [418231] [418232][408413] [421461] [421462] [450086] [442143] [445087][450084] [519506] [532709] [540375] [529597] [527042] [552224] [514010] [514099] [464951] [516062] [464952] [524521] [407937][437525] [538086] [416653] [547753] [401769] [407569] [428921] [428922] [428923] [428924] [547009][545249] [516011] [557572] [550376] Note: Payment Partner Discounts are not applicable on Daraz like New, top up, bills and packaging material and UPI voucher discount can be avail on topup and dbills.
How can I avail Sticker Price? 1- Payment partner sticker: When using an XYZ card to make a purchase, you can take advantage of the payment partner discount at the lowest cost via a specific method. After entering your card information, the lowest price will show up on the checkout page. 2- Firework Voucher Sticker: This sticker makes a special reference to a voucher that must be collected in order to receive the best discount. Once the coupon has been used, the lowest price will be shown. 3- Daraz Lowest Price Sticker: This sticker shows the lowest price that may be obtained using several methods, excluding delivery charges. The easiest way to take advantage of the lowest price for this sticker type is to educate yourself with the many payment options available on our payment partners page before selecting the most suitable one.
Where can I find Card bins? You can find your card bins on your card. The first 6 digits of your card are Card Bins. kc-oss-1636095522454-debit-credit-card-bank-design-template-realistic-vector-26825976 copy.png
How can I learn more about the upcoming campaigns and the discounts? Subscribe to Daraz Newsletters To learn more about the subscription, please visit How to subscribe Daraz Newsletters? Turn-on Push Notifications Please visit How do I manage the Push notifications? to stay updated on the upcoming campaigns and discounts
When can I start shopping on Sale Campaigns or Promotions? Special event prices become active at 12AM on the announced date
What are the weekly payment partner discounts? Wednesday - HBL 10% off, 900 cap, 2 transactions/card, Debit/Credit Thursday - UBL 10% off, 1000 cap, 1 transaction/card, Debit/Credit Saturday - Askari Bank 10% off, 1000 cap, 3 transactions/card, Credit Sunday - Standard Chartered 10% off, 1000 cap, 2 transactions/card, Credit
What is the Cancellation and Return policy for Any 3 Bundle? Partial cancellations are not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Any 3 Bundle i.e. you will not be able to cancel 1 or 2 items in a bundle of 3 items and would instead have to cancel the whole bundle. But if you decide to apply for a return, you can return 1 or 2 items out of the 3 from your Any 3 Bundle. If a certain number of products from an Any 3 Bundle are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of each bundle. The total amount paid for the order will be divided by 3, multiplied by the number of items you have returned. kc-oss-1709541876517-Dingtalk_20240304134328.jpg If you cancel your new user Any 3 Bundle order, you will not be able to enjoy the new user exclusive price on the next purchase. Cancellation is not allowed after your order is processed by the seller. In case you have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. In case you have applied for a return, you will not be able to enjoy the new user exclusive price for Any 3 Bundle product range regardless of the outcome of your request. Decision on returns and refunds taken by Daraz will be final in its sole discretion. Returning Any 3 Bundle items under ‘Change of mind’ return reason is not applicable. In case a customer tries to circumvent the terms and conditions and abuse subsidies by creating new accounts, they will be unable to place their order.
How do I get an exclusive first order discount on Any 3 Bundle? The exclusive first order price of the Any 3 Bundle applies to all customers, regardless of whether they are new to Daraz or have previously ordered from Daraz. If you are ordering the Any 3 Bundle for the first time, you are eligible for the exclusive price on your first order. If you cancel your first Any 3 Bundle order, you will not be able to enjoy the first order exclusive price on the next purchase. You can submit your return request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. In case you have applied for a return, you will not be able to enjoy the first order exclusive price for Any 3 Bundle product range regardless of the outcome of your request.
What are the expected delivery timelines for Any 3 Bundles? 1) You can check the expected delivery timeline under the product description 2) When you checkout, you can also check the delivery timeline under your bundle pasted image 0.png You can also check the delivery timeline after placing an order for your Any 3 bundle. pasted image 1.png
What is the Any 3 Bundle and how can I place an order? Any 3 Bundle is a product range with multiple price points that allows you to buy a collection of products with special discounts and free delivery. There is no minimum spending on these orders and we also offer 14 days Free & Easy Returns on this product range. To place an order for Any 3 Bundle follow the below mentioned steps. kc-oss-1709540984565-Any 3 order place.png
What is the new user exclusive price on Any 3 Bundle? kc-oss-1709541261925-Group 2029.png The new user exclusive price of the Any 3 Bundle applies to new users on Daraz with zero orders placed. If you are ordering the Any 3 Bundle for the first time with zero orders placed in your account, you are eligible for the new user exclusive price on your first order.
Can I use a voucher on Any 3 Bundle? You will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Any 3 Bundle orders. You will also not be able to use coins on this product range. However you can still earn Daraz Coins on your Any 3 Bundles.
What are the Terms and Conditions for Any 3 Bundle? kc-oss-1709541876517-Dingtalk_20240304134328.png Any 3 Bundle is a product range that allows you to buy a collection of products with special discounts and free delivery. There is no minimum spending on these orders and we also offer 14 days Free & Easy Returns on this product range. Customers will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Any 3 Bundle orders. If you are a new user on Daraz, placing your order for the first time, you can buy one Any 3 Bundle (of three items). If you have already purchased an item from Daraz in the past, you can order between 1-3 bundles (or 3 to 9 items) per order. You will be able to earn Daraz Coins on your Any 3 Bundle orders but will not be able to redeem them when placing an order for Any 3 Bundle. This product range can be ordered by both existing and new Daraz customers. If you cancel your new user Any 3 Bundle order, you will not be able to enjoy the new user exclusive price on the next purchase Cancellation is not allowed after your order is processed by the seller In case you have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. In case you have applied for a return, you will not be able to enjoy the new user exclusive price for Any 3 Bundle product range regardless of the outcome of your request. Partial cancellations are not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Any 3 Bundle i.e. you will not be able to cancel 1 or 2 items in a bundle of 3 items and would instead have to cancel the whole bundle. But if you decide to apply for a return, you can return 1 or 2 items out of the 3 from your Any 3 Bundle. If a certain number of products from an Any 3 Bundle are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of each bundle. The total amount paid for the order will be divided by 3, multiplied by the number of items you have returned.
Can I use a voucher on Buy More, Save More orders? You will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Buy More, Save More orders.
What are the Terms and Conditions for Buy More, Save More? Daraz Buy More, Save More is our latest promotion that allows you to purchase our best-selling products at special discounts, coupled with free shipping, based on your total spending. Customers will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Buy More, Save More orders. You will be able to earn Daraz Coins on your Buy More, Save More orders but will not be able to redeem them when placing an order for Buy More, Save More. This product range can be ordered by both existing and new Daraz customers. Cancellation is not allowed after your order is processed by the seller In case you have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. Partial cancellations are not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i.e. you will not be able to cancel 1 or 2 products in your order and would instead have to cancel the entire order. But if you decide to apply for a return, you can return certain items out of your total Buy More, Save More order. If a certain number of products from a Buy More, Save More order are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of order. The total amount paid for the order will be divided by the quantity of products, multiplied by the number of items you have returned.
Can one order include products from both Global Hits and 1-3 Day Delivery? You must place separate orders for products from Global Hits and 1-3 Day Delivery. Products from both categories cannot be combined in a single Buy More, Save More order.
What are the expected delivery timelines for Buy More, Save More orders? 1) You can check the expected delivery timeline under the product description 2) When you checkout, you can also check the delivery timeline of your entire Buy More, Save More order. You can also confirm the delivery timeline after placing your order. Check the order confirmation email for the promised delivery time. pasted image 2.png
Is there a restriction on the number of products I can buy for Buy More, Save More orders? You are allowed to purchase a maximum of 5 units per product in your Buy More, Save More order.
What is the cancellation and return policy for Buy More, Save More orders? Partial cancellations are not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i.e. you will not be able to cancel 1 or 2 products in your order and would instead have to cancel the entire order. But if you decide to apply for a return, you can return certain items out of your total Buy More, Save More order. If a certain number of products from a Buy More, Save More order are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of each bundle. The total amount paid for the order will be divided by the quantity of products, multiplied by the number of items you have returned. Cancellation is not allowed after your order is processed by the seller. In case you have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. Decision on returns and refunds taken by Daraz will be final in its sole discretion. Returning Buy More, Save More products under ‘Change of mind’ return reason is not applicable. In case a customer tries to circumvent the terms and conditions and abuse subsidies by creating new accounts, they will be unable to place their order.
What promotions are included in Buy More, Save More? Buy More, Save More offers promotions such as free delivery and product discount based on how much you spend for both Global Hits and 1-3 Day Delivery products. Refer below for more information. kc-oss-1706681330475-Group 1707.png kc-oss-1708322486802-Group 1708 (2).png
What is Buy More, Save More and how can I place an order? Daraz Buy More, Save More is our latest promotion that allows you to purchase our best-selling products at special discounts, coupled with free shipping, based on your total spending. You can choose products from two categories; Global Hits and 1-3 Delivery. The more you spend, the greater the promotions you unlock! To place an order for Buy More, Save More products, follow the below mentioned steps. pasted image 3.png Customers will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Buy More, Save More orders. You will be able to earn Daraz Coins on your Buy More, Save More orders but will not be able to redeem them when placing an order for Buy More, Save More products. You can buy a maximum of 5 units per product for Buy More, Save More orders.
Can I earn coins on Buy More, Save More orders? You can earn Daraz Coins on your Buy More, Save More orders though spending them within this product range is not applicable. You can redeem your Daraz Coins by placing orders for other products on Daraz.
What is Daraz Gift Card and how can I purchase it? Daraz Gift Card is a special prepaid voucher that you can gift to your loved ones so they can shop on Daraz and buy a gift for themselves as per their preference. kc-oss-1685949582762-b0b8ee915f84c83bd5d3fb7bb22389c8.png Go to Daraz Pay and click on ""Daraz Gift Card"" Select occasion if you wish to customize your gift card Select or enter the amount Enter details of the recipient Tap on ""Buy Now"" Once you completed your payment, your gift card will be sent to the recipient Note: Gift cards cannot be ordered on Cash on Delivery Purchased Daraz Gift Card will be sent to the indicated email address within 2 Business days, please make sure the email address is correct. To place orders above PKR 10,000 kindly update mobile number in Daraz Account (Account > Settings > Account information > Change Mobile Number) because our agents will call for verification & after clearance the order will be sent in 4 business day (from order date & time). Saturday and Sunday will not count in working days Important: Daraz Gift Cards can be used to purchase all the products available on the Daraz App or website except Utility Bills, Mobile TopUp, and Daraz Gift cards.
I am trying to place an order but receiving the following error message “You have already used the voucher or reached the maximum limit of item(s)? 1) Try removing/changing your voucher (discounts that you might have availed/ attempted to avail multiple times) 2) Try removing some products (products you might have purchased/attempted to purchase in high quantity) 3) Try logging in from your original account 4) Try placing an order/using a voucher again in 7 days. 5) Contact Customer Service if problem persists
Where can I check my vouchers which I have collected? Log in to your Daraz account using your credentials. Proceed to the "My Vouchers" tab Here, you will be able to see all the collectible vouchers you have acquired during specific campaigns or events. You can further check Check "Non-usable" vouchers to review used, expired, or deactivated vouchers. Visit the "Get More Voucher" tab to collect additional vouchers from the selected platform kc-oss-1690784989539-image.png
What is the validity of vouchers? You can check the validity of the voucher by login into your "My Vouchers" section The "Progress Bar" displays how much of the voucher has been utilised. Ensure to use it before it's fully redeemed. Additionally, there's a "Timer" feature to remind you to use the voucher before it expires, even if the progress bar shows remaining availability. pasted image 4.png
How to remove the voucher? kc-oss-1681116394097-How to remove vouchers 2.png kc-oss-1681115863840-How to remove vouchers.png
How to redeem a Daraz Gift Card/Corporate Gift Card? kc-oss-1708600180164-Group 2021.png Daraz Gift Cards or corporate gift cards are only redeemable on Daraz. You can redeem gift card by entering the voucher code of Daraz Gift Card at the order check out page. Daraz Gift Card cannot be used with other voucher in a single order at check out. If the value of your order exceeds the value of the Gift Card, then outstanding order balance must be paid using any payment method. Unredeemed Daraz Gift Cards will expire in 365 days from the date of purchase.
What are Terms and Conditions for redeeming vouchers? Vouchers will be available for collection in limited quantities. Vouchers will be applicable on selected assortment. All users are eligible to collect the vouchers.. Voucher will only apply if at checkout selected assortment will meet voucher minimum order value The user is advised that voucher application is contingent upon the seller's available budget, and a discount offered by a seller at one time may not be available later. Progress bar: This becomes visible once half of the voucher quantity has been utilized.
Why am I unable to use collectible vouchers? Users can redeem collected vouchers on a first come first served basis until the redemption budget is met. Once you collect a voucher, you can monitor its progress in the "My Voucher" section The "Progress Bar" displays how much of the voucher has been utilized. Ensure to use it before it's fully redeemed. Additionally, there's a "Timer" feature to remind you to use the voucher before it expires, even if the progress bar shows the remaining availability. pasted image 4.png Note: Daraz has set limits on the redemption of vouchers to ensure fair usage and flag potential fraudulent activity. The specific redemption limits for each voucher is set taking into consideration factors such as voucher value, redemption frequency, and security measures and varies from time to time. Note: If you encounter any problem in applying or redeeming discount vouchers, make sure you haven't availed the voucher in any of your accounts. Multiple account creation for the purpose of availing discount vouchers is prohibited by Daraz and Daraz consider all of your accounts as one buyer.
What are Daraz Vouchers and how to use them? Daraz Vouchers are the promotional offer that users could collect during specific campaigns or events on the platform. These vouchers often offered discounts or benefits on future purchases. Collect voucher while you shop on Daraz Go to My Vouchers tab to see your vouchers Or check under Daraz Voucher Tab during checkout. kc-oss-1690783927674-image.png Note: These vouchers are available to collect on a first come first served basis, up till redemption budget Terms and Condition Apply
How do I submit a claim for Best Price Guaranteed? If you ordered something from Daraz with our‘ Best Price tag and found an identical product at a lower price from any applicable online retailers (Carrefour, foodpanda, Telemart and Al-Fatah), Daraz will refund you 2x the price difference. For successful claims, amount will be automatically deposited to your My Voucher and must be utilized within 14 days kc-oss-1691405505729-BPG.png kc-oss-1701674286685-image.png Note: Item should be identical in all aspects and must be in stock during comparison BPGTC1.png BPGTC2.png BPGTC3.png BPGTC4.png
What is Best Price Guaranteed and how do I check if my purchase is eligible? Best Price Guaranteed is Daraz's promise to customers that our prices are lower or equal to applicable online retailers in Pakistan. If you ordered something from Daraz with our ‘Best Price’ tag and found an identical product at a lower price from any applicable online retailers (Carrefour, foodpanda, Telemart and Al-Fatah), Daraz will refund you 2x the price difference. To submit a claim, simply fill out the Best Price Guaranteed claim form. Once your claim is approved, the claim amount will be automatically deposited to your My Voucher section to offset your next purchase! BPGTC1.png Note: Price comparison between different sellers on Daraz is not applicable. For the claim to be considered valid, your purchase from Daraz and product on applicable online retailers’ website should have an identical make, model, size, colour, version, packaging, description/specification, warranty terms and quantity. The item should also be available in stock during the review of your claim. No returns and refunds can be made after a successful claim. Amount must be utilised within 14 days
How is price difference calculated for ‘Best Price Guaranteed’ claim? Best Price Guaranteed is Daraz's promise to customers that our prices are lower or equal to applicable online platforms in Pakistan. Daraz will refund you 2x the price difference for the product you purchased if you found an identical product at a lower price from any applicable online retailers. Let's say you purchased a ‘Best Price’ item worth Rs. 100 and come across a similar item at an online retailers of Carrefour, foodpanda, Telemart and Al-Fatah for Rs. 90, you can apply for a claim for the difference of Rs. 10. If your claim is found to be valid, you will get 2x the price difference in your My Voucher section, which in this case will be Rs. 20. BPGTC1.png kc-oss-1698649361358-Group 1894.png kc-oss-1668406663016-image.png
Is there a limit on the amount that I can receive for ‘Best Price Guaranteed’ claim? Yes, the maximum amount you can receive for a successful Best Price Guaranteed claim is 2x the price difference ( Up to Rs 5,000 per order ) BPGTC1.png BPGTC2.png BPGTC3.png BPGTC4.png
Does Daraz have a mobile app? To download the Mobile app for the Andriod version please go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.daraz.android&hl=en&pli=1 To download the Mobile app for the IOS version please go to https://apps.apple.com/us/app/daraz-online-shopping-app/id978058048
How to add or remove the item(s) in the cart? Adding and removing the cart is now simple just To add the quantity of an item, Main Page > Cart > Quantity > Add to Cart Choose the count of the item you wish to purchase. To remove an item from your shopping cart, please follow these steps: Cart > Selected item > Delete kc-oss-1684149302352-How to add or remove in the cart.gif
How do I place corporate or bulk orders? For queries regarding corporate or bulk orders, you can reach out to us via email at corporate@daraz.pk In case of any complaints, please email us at corporateissues@daraz.pk Our team will contact you within 24 - 48 hours (excluding weekends) once they receive your email. Note: Corporate/bulk orders are not available for resale purposes. Only registered companies can inquire about bulk purchases for gifting purposes.
How to check the available flash sales? To keep yourself updated on the exciting discounts and Flash Sales, check out the Flash Sale on the Main Page kc-oss-1689848945341-FS E.png
Why am I seeing different prices for the same product? We have a huge seller base and each seller sources their product differently due to which prices fluctuate for the same product but you can choose depending on your preference as the product quality remains the same.
Why am I unable to place an order? If your account information is incomplete, update the account information, e.g. (Email & contact number). If you are getting an error of incomplete address then please remove the address & update it again. If you are using a Voucher, remove it and try again without the Voucher. You can only order 5 quantities of each product in an order. If you're ordering more than 5 quantities of a product, reduce the quantity to 5. If you're ordering packaging materials from a non-seller account, use your registered seller account to place the order.
How would I know if my order has been confirmed? E-mail Push Notification on the app If it requires manual confirmation, our team will contact you via call within 24 hours after order placement and if you have used any cooperate voucher then it will take 72 hours.
What is the Daraz Buyer Policy? We are committed to building a trusted and reliable platform for our community and the Buyer Policy ensures that Daraz operates in a safe and orderly manner, with the aim of creating a pleasant shopping experience for all users of Daraz. Please check Daraz Buyer Policy for more details
How to re-order your products that were delivered, returned or cancelled? To buy your product again follow the below mentioned steps; Go to Daraz homepage Login to your account Click on my orders Press Buy again button for the product you want.
How do I place an order on Daraz? Shopping on Daraz is super easy. Register your Daraz Account today and start shopping! kc-oss-1691568744445-Place an order.png Note: Minimum COD order limit is Rs.110 and the maximum order limit for COD is Rs.250,000 only.
I am unable to add an item to cart, why is this happening? If you are unable to add an item to your card, it may be because of one of the following reasons. Select colour/size: Check if you have selected the size and/or colour of the product Out of stock: The product may be out of stock. Add to Wishlist to receive a notification once it is in stock again. Note: Daraz has implemented quantity limits per user in order to ensure availability and equitable distribution of high demand products. The specific quantity limits for each product will be determined by taking into account factors such as demand, product availability, and fairness among users. Note: If you encounter any problem in placing orders due to quantity limits implementation, make sure you haven't breached the quantity limits from any of your accounts. Multiple account creation for the purpose of bulk ordering is prohibited by Daraz and Daraz consider all of your accounts as one buyer.
Can I cancel my order for overseas products? To cancel the overseas item make sure your order is not handover to the China warehouse. You can contact us via Live Chat to facilitate your cancellation request. Note: Once your order enters the China warehouse, Daraz cannot halt the delivery of the product since the import process has started. Therefore you cannot cancel your order (Change of mind is not applicable).
What do the different order statuses in 'My Order' mean? Processing: Your order has been entered in the order pool of Daraz. Once confirmed by the seller, it will be delivered within a given timeline. Shipped: Your order has been received from the seller and is on its way via courier. It will be delivered to you as per the standard delivery time. You may track your order from your Daraz App, Account > View All > Track Package. Delivered: Your order has been delivered to you. Canceled: Your order has been marked canceled. The details and reason for the cancellation will be stated once you click the Cancellation Notification.
How to Rate and Review your product? All Daraz customers can review and rate the products they have purchased from the platform. If you have purchased something from Daraz, you can rank the product out of 5 stars, leave a descriptive review in text and even add pictures to express what you liked or disliked about the product. If you want to share a review of a product that you've purchased on Daraz, follow the instructions below. From your Daraz app, go to "Account" Tap on "To Review" where you'll see all the products you've received Select the product you want to review Rate the product out of five stars with five representing "Delighted" and one star representing "Poor" experience Upload the pictures of the product Write about your experience with the product in detail Scroll down, and tap on "Share Review" to submit your review Note: We would like to inform you that the "Review and Earn" promotion has been discontinued until further notice.
I accidentally ordered duplicate items. What should I do? If you have accidentally ordered duplicate items, you may cancel the order if it's at Payment Pending or Processing Stage. kc-oss-1706871266611-Duplicate items cancelation.png
I got a notification stating my order has been cancelled. What do I do now? To know the reason for Cancellation, click the Notification that you have received. For more details on cancellation, click Account, and select Cancellation. You will be redirected to a page where you can view your canceled order. Click on the order that you want to check. The details and reason for the cancellation will be stated there. NOTE: For COD orders, you need to re-order, and for prepaid orders check What are the refund timelines?
What is AskDaraz & How does it work? Powered by Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, AskDaraz is an AI (Artificial Intelligence) chatbot designed to provide assistance for all your shopping needs by offering personalized shopping recommendations instantly. As an AI-powered virtual shopping assistant, AskDaraz enables users to chat with the AI chatbot and get offered personalized recommendations, streamlining the entire shopping process. It refines and analyses user requirements, goes through millions of products across multiple categories, and recommends products, styles and collections based on the user’s specific needs. Is AskDaraz only able to understand conversations in English? AskDaraz supports conversations in up to five languages - English, Urdu, Bangla, Sinhala, and Nepali. Why can’t I access AskDaraz on the Daraz website? For now, AskDaraz is only available on the Daraz app for Android & iOS users. Please make sure to install the latest app version to use the AskDaraz feature. Is there a limit for how many characters I can use to ask AskDaraz a single question? Yes, the limit for each individual question is 200 characters. How does AskDaraz deal with questions containing explicit content? As a virtual shopping assistant, AskDaraz is designed to provide useful, informative, and respectful information to users. AskDaraz will only respond to queries related to shopping on Daraz and will not generate responses to explicit, offensive or inappropriate queries.
How to access AskDaraz? You can access AskDaraz by clicking the “Discover” tab in the Daraz app. Get a personalized shopping recommendation by typing a query in the chat box directly.
What is daraz's order cancellation policy? Daraz makes order cancellation simple and hassle-free. According to Daraz's cancellation policy, you may cancel an order through your Daraz account before it is shipped out from Daraz’s warehouse. If the status of your order is RTS (Ready to Ship), you can contact us via Live Chat, and we'll assist you with your request to cancel it in accordance with the policy. Note: Digital goods orders cannot be canceled after the order placement.
How to cancel the order? Note: Order cancellation is only possible prior to shipping. kc-oss-1655194395760-How to cancel an order web.gif check What are the refund timelines?
If my order is cancelled or returned, will I get my Collectible Vouchers back with my refunds? If your order was cancelled before it was shipped, then the collectible voucher will be refunded to you, but if the order was cancelled after it was shipped, then unfortunately, it won't be refunded to you. If your order was returned, the collectible voucher won't be refunded to you in this case. Regrettably, Collectible vouchers are non-refundable. Nevertheless, you can now collect vouchers before the event concludes. The types of vouchers determine how they can be used once it has been applied to an order; the specifics are shown below. Gift Cards B2B Vouchers Collectable Vouchers Compensation Vouchers Seller Vouchers Campaign Vouchers
Why I am unable to cancel my order? If the order status is Shipped and you are NOT able to track the order through the Consignment Number, then you are requested to contact us via Live Chat. If the order status is Shipped and you are able to track the order through the Consignment Number, then you are requested to refuse the order when it is delivered to you. kc-oss-1693223067302-afd1a95bcf8598ff4751669803cec488.jpg
How to pay via Union Pay? https://youtu.be/EfC8F1vsmqQ Please make sure your card is active for eCommerce transactions. You can confirm it from your respective bank.
I am getting Risk Scanning Error, what should I do? Use different payment method to process the order Retype your correct card number and CVV code after removing your payment information
I am getting “couldn’t complete your payment error”, what should I do? For online purchases, your card needs to be active. (To verify the status of your card, please contact your bank). You should have a sufficient amount on your card. Remove your card details & re-enter your correct card number & CVV code. You’re entering the OTP timely. Furthermore, if you miss picking the payment method due to a mistake, you may go to your "To Pay" option and choose the order to pay for it. You will have 30 minutes to choose a payment method before the order is listed as canceled.
What are the FAQs for HBL Tap and Pay? Q1. What is tap & pay? Tap & pay is an HBL app residing in rider's phone. This app let's customers pay with their cards at their doorstep Q2. How to pay via tap & pay? Scan or tap your card on rider's phone containing HBL's tap & pay app (alternatively card details can also be manually added) Receive an OTP verification your bank registered number and enter it on DEX hero's HBL Tap & Pay app Receive payment confirmation SMS on your bank registered mobile number Q3. Which orders are eligible for tap & pay payments? All cash on delivery (COD) orders of Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, and Rawalpindi delivered by Daraz Express are eligible to be paid through tap & pay. Q4. Is there any restriction while paying through tap & pay? Visa and Master cards of all banks are accepted. Maximum transactions are 2 per day, 4 per week, and 10 per month. Q5. Are tap & pay transactions safe? Tap & Pay payments are 100% safe and follow all international payment guidelines, they are OTP and 3DS secure. You will receive an OTP to confirm your transaction. Q6. Why pay through tap & pay? Tap & pay tackles the hassle of cash. With tap & pay you don't have to worry about availability of change and makes doorstep payment smoother and faster.
Is it secure to pay via Credit/Debit Card? At Daraz, we ensure that every credit/debit card transaction is secure and the best security protocols are implemented on the platform. kc-oss-1677480805053-kc-oss-1655184781531-Customer makes payment and saves the card details.png
How many cards can I save on Daraz? Daraz allows you to save your card information on the app for rapid payment. You can only save 5 card details at a time. When you pay with a card, you'll receive a One Time Password (OTP) on your registered mobile number, which you'll need to enter to verify your payment.
What is HBL tap and Pay? HBL brings you Tap and Pay which provides customers a second chance to pay with their bank cards at the doorstep. kc-oss-1656424098693-image.png kc-oss-1656425590753-image.png Note: This option is only available for COD DEX orders in Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad
How to add/ remove card details? To add the card details, you need to click on Toggle Button next to the Save Card option on the payment page. Add to Cart / Buy Now > Check Out > Placed Order > Select Credit / Debit Card > Enter Card Details > Save Card
How do I identify products available for COD? 'Cash on Delivery Tag' may be seen on the product page. kc-oss-1695294015164-Group 1865.png
I am unable to pay through EasyPaisa Direct, what should I do? If you’re a Telenor user: Input your 5-digit M-PIN into the USSD prompt. If you’re a non-Telenor user; Login in your Easypaisa app > Tap on the top-left Menu to approve the payment in "My approvals" https://youtu.be/wePyEs1Vyf4
What payment options are available at daraz? Easypaisa Mobile Account Credit/Debit Card HBL Direct Transfer Daraz Wallet JazzCash Mobile Account Easy Monthly Installments COD (Cash on Delivery) In case if you are unable to see the Cash on Delivery (COD) payment method then check Why can’t I pay for my orders using Cash on Delivery (COD)?
How can I check the ongoing discounts on payment partners? For checking the ongoing discounts on payment partners, visit the main banner on the Daraz home page. kc-oss-1690803042207-Bank discount banners.png Note: Before placing your order, collect the payment partner voucher by clicking on the payment partner home page banner.
Why was my amount deducted from my account but my order was cancelled? Screenshot of transaction message ( a message that indicated the amount deduction) if you had paid using a Credit/Debit card then your bank’s name and your card’s first 6 and last 4 digits are required. If you paid using Easypaisa/JazzCash kindly provide your account number. Note: the details are required so your refund request can be initiated. Also, note that Daraz takes complete responsibility to keep your information confidential. After you have provided all the details, the request is forwarded to the payments team to check the payment. kc-oss-1707809090325-Slide1.png
What is Cash Payment Fee and how can i avoid it? 1- What is Cash Payment Fee? The additional fee is charged upon purchase to provide our customers with the convenience of paying cash on delivery. 2- How can I avoid paying Cash Payment Fee? There is no extra fee when you use any other payment methods at checkout, such as debit/credit card, Daraz wallet or partner wallets. Digital prepayments are safe, convenient and reliable and also save you the unnecessary hassle of arranging cash when receiving your delivery. 3- Will Cash Payment Fee be refunded if my order is cancelled or returned? Yes, the full amount will be refunded to you for cancelled and returned orders. In the case of a partial return, you will receive a partial refund on Cash Payment Fee based on item weightage.
Why can’t I pay for my orders using Cash on Delivery (COD)? 1. Cash on Delivery is disabled for your account Buyers who have a high percentage of failed deliveries will not be able to use Cash on Delivery. The COD deactivation will be lifted automatically once you have more successful deliveries in your account. Failed deliveries include orders that are not delivered due to Customer's refusal to accept or pay for the order, Incorrect address, Unavailable/unknown consignee. 2. COD-Unsupported Item Category Currently, orders for Bulky items and Digital Goods e.g. mobile load, e-vouchers are not available for Cash on Delivery. 3. Maximum COD Threshold For security reasons, orders with very high value (subjected to business decision) cannot be checked out using Cash on Delivery.
Why am I required to share my payment details and CNIC? Incase, if you are facing any error while making the payment, we need your payment details and CNIC to ensure that your credentials are not being misused and the details are used by the real owner. A picture of your CNIC Card holder's name First 6 digits of the card number Last 4 digits of the card number A picture of your CNIC Easypaisa/JazzCash Account number A picture of your CNIC Bank Account number A picture of your CNIC Wallet screenshot Note: Only the front of the card with the above-mentioned details is required.
What is Daraz Wallet Rewards? "Daraz Wallet Reward is a special bonus that is added to your wallet balance. You may be eligible for a reward based on several running campaigns on daraz. Keep an eye out for great additional earning possibilities. Note: The reward amount is non-reundable. "
What payment methods can be used to top-up Daraz wallet? Debit/Credit Cards (Master, Visa & Union Pay) Jazzcash Easypaisa Note: You will not be able to deposit the amount using any international cards.
What is Daraz Wallet? Daraz wallet is a smarter, easier, and safer way to make payments while you shop online at Daraz. Buy from a selection of over a million products. Top up your Mobile Credit instantly. Buy Games, Gift Cards & Vouchers. Shop authentic products with fast delivery from Daraz Mall. Get products from our Global Collection section Get rewards/bonuses in your wallet.
How to deposit in Daraz Wallet? 1. Click on the Deposit 2. Enter the Amount you want to Deposit 3. Select the Deposit method The deposit amount cannot exceed PKR 50,000 International Bank Cards is not offering its services to Top-up Daraz wallet.
How to pay with Daraz Wallet? https://youtu.be/TJMWdkRw__A Note: Please keep in mind that if you have a refund, bonus, and deposit amount in your wallet, your payment will be made using the bonus amount first, followed by the refund amount, and finally the deposit amount
How to activate Daraz Wallet? kc-oss-1697531785237-Group 1882.png Note: If you are facing OTP (One Time Password) issue or error related to (Your number is linked with another account) then please contact us on Live Chat.
How to withdraw refunds from the wallet? 1. Click on Withdraw 2. Enter the Amount and Bank details Only the amount that has been refunded can be withdrawn. You will be unable to withdraw the amount that has been deposited and rebated (in any case). To proceed with the withdrawal, enter IBAN (24 Alphanumeric Characters) in the area of the account number. The amount will be reflected in your bank account instantly after the process is completed. A withdrawal fee of PKR 7 will be applied to all transactions made to banks other than HBL Bank Limited/Konnect. kc-oss-1695210408866-34607F01-ED54-4ab0-901A-A3AD217B353B.png Kindly be informed that the Telenor Microfinance Bank has been added to the list of wallet withdrawal banks. Customers can now use Easypaisa to withdraw their wallet refund amount by selecting the Telenor Microfinance Bank option. Note: You cannot withdraw from any Microfinance & Bank of Khyber bank because they are not on the withdrawal list.
Why am I being charged for withdrawals? Once the updated Wallet Interface is implemented, a withdrawal fee of PKR 7 will be applied to all transactions made to banks other than HBL Bank Limited/Konnect.
How to change my installment plan? With all due respect, unfortunately, once your installment plan is activated It is not possible to change the tenure of the plan.
How to pay through Easy Monthly Instalments (EMI)? To place an order on EMI, refer to the steps mentioned below. https://youtu.be/PALCYxWppUY https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/silk-emi https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/bank-alfalah-emi https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/mcb-emi https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/ubl-emi https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/askari-bank-emi https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/faysal-bank-emi
Is it possible to return or cancel a product bought on Daraz EMI? Yes, in case of a return, your amount will be reversed to your credit card within 10 working days once the refund is approved. There are no charges for this reversal and it will be reflected on your upcoming statement. In case of cancellation from Daraz side, your amount will be reversed to your credit card within 10 working days. There are no charges for this reversal. kc-oss-1711000552239-EMI cancelation fees.jpg
What are the terms and conditions when paying through Easy Monthly Instalment (EMI)? kc-oss-1690880626274-Slide1.png
What is the processing fees for EMI plans? kc-oss-1712073039391-EMI.png Note: Please note that SCB & UBL does not offer EMI terms of 18, 24, or 36 months; only 3, 6 & 12 months EMI terms are available. It is requested that you select the appropriate tenure.
What is Easy Monthly Instalment (EMI)? Daraz brings easy monthly installment plans for its customers through which you can order products worth PKR10,000/- or more and pay in installments. EMI allows you to buy in installments using your Credit Card (Visa/Master) of Silk Bank, Bank Alfalah,MCB, UBL,Faysal Bank, and Askari Bank. You can order one product per order in case of EMI. Also, once you have placed the order it will take 7 working days (from the order placement date) to activate your EMI plan.
Are vouchers and discounts applicable on installments? For installments, you can use any vouchers that are not restricted to any specific payment method.
Issuance of Refunds If your product is eligible for a refund, you can choose your preferred refund method based on the table below. The shipping fee is refunded along with the amount paid for your returned product. The time required to complete a refund depends on the refund method you have selected. The refund time starts once the quality check is completed. (For quality check timelines refere table below) Payments made via debit or credit card are refunded to the same card within 20 working days. HBL Direct Transfers are refunded to the HBL account, taking 15 working days. If you pay with Daraz Wallet, the refund will be issued back to the Daraz Wallet within 11 working days. Equated Monthly Installments (EMIs) paid by credit card are refunded to the credit card in 20 working days. Easypaisa Wallet payments are refunded to the same wallet, which takes 15 working days. Payments made over-the-counter (OTC) at Easypaisa Shops are refunded to the Daraz Wallet in 11 working days. If you used a Daraz Refund Voucher, you’ll receive a refund via a voucher within 11 working days. JazzCash Mobile Account payments are refunded to the Daraz Wallet, and this process takes 11 working days. Please note that this policy does not apply to Daraz Global products. Payments made with a debit or credit card are refunded to the same card within 10 working days. HBL Direct Transfer refunds are issued to the HBL account within 5 working days. Daraz Wallet refunds are processed within 30 minutes. EMIs paid by credit card are refunded to the credit card within 10 working days. Easypaisa Wallet payments are refunded to the same wallet in 5 working days. For Cash on Delivery (COD), the refund is issued to the Daraz Wallet within 30 minutes. Daraz Voucher payments are refunded via a voucher in just 1 working day. JazzCash Mobile Account payments are refunded to the Daraz Wallet within 30 minutes. Non-bulky items dropped off take 4 working days to process, with the same time frame for pickup. Handover to the Daraz Warehouse and quality check (QC) take 1-5 working days and 2 working days, respectively. Bulky items are not applicable for drop off; the pickup takes 7 working days, while handover to the Daraz Warehouse and QC both take 1-5 working days and 2 working days, respectively. Important Note: The Voucher discount code can only be applied once. The leftover amount will not be refunded or used for next purchase even if the value of order is smaller than voucher value.
1.1 All users and buyers of the Daraz Online Platform (the “Buyers”) are expected to conduct themselves in a manner as set out in this Buyer Policy, in addition to the Daraz Platform Terms of Use and all applicable Daraz terms and conditions, all of which are incorporated by reference in this Buyer Policy.
1.2 We are committed to building a trusted and reliable platform for our community and the Buyer Policy ensures that the Daraz Online Platform (Daraz) operates in a safe and orderly manner, with the aim of creating a pleasant shopping experience for all users of Daraz.
Suspend, cancel, terminate, block or reverse any transaction carried out by the Buyer on the Daraz Online Platform;
Amend or remove affected messages or content; remove any feature that may be available to the Buyer; and/or remove (in whole or in part) the Buyer’s access to the Daraz Online Platform; and/or
2.3 The rules set out in Table 1 are non-exhaustive, and Daraz reserves the right to take other enforcement action, including the filing of reports with the regulators or law enforcement agencies, if we find any misconduct by a Buyer. BP.png
You may check if your product has a warranty by visiting the product page and check under 'Return & Warranty' section. For Daraz Like New Phones, please check the 3-Months Daraz Like New Guarantee Policy.
1.Brand Warranty: Brand warranty are warranties provided by the brand/manufacturer of the product. Daraz does not take any responsibility for after-sales services provided by the brand/manufacturer. Customers will need to approach the brand directly through their authorized service centers to submit the products for repair/replacement under the warranty conditions.
2.Seller Warranty: Seller warranty are warranties provided directly by the seller who has sold the product to you. Please note that the terms and conditions of this warranty may differ from seller to seller. Customers may check directly with the seller via the chat function on the product page. Daraz Like New warranty for Treadmills, Smartwatches and Laptops & Tablets is a type of seller warranty.
3.International Manufacturer/Seller Warranty: This warranty is directly offered by international manufacturers/sellers of the product. The geographical location of the service center may vary based on brand’s regional presence and may require the customer to ship the product out of country to be repaired/replaced. Customers have to follow the warranty process as mentioned on the warranty card or on the brand’s official website.
Note: All warranties does not cover damage caused by accidents or unauthorized modifications. How do I claim my warranty ?
You may choose to get your product refunded directly via Daraz without going through a warranty claim with the manufacturer. Visit our Return Policy page for more information.
For repairs and/or replacements, please contact the manufacturer/service center listed on the warranty card included with your product.
Please contact the manufacturer/service center listed on the warranty card included with your product for repairs or replacement. For Brand warranty, visit the Brand Contact Details for more information. For Seller warranty, contact the seller directly via the chat function on the product page.
Neither Daraz nor the seller/manufacturer is responsible for any defects and/or damages. Customers are responsible for any after-sales repairs.
Still have questions? Visit our Help Center What do I do if my product has warranty but I did not receive a warranty card?
It is possible that your product comes with an e-warranty. Please check all the instruction manuals/invoices/guides that is delivered along with your package or visit the manufacturer's website to verify.
If your product does not have an e-warranty, please reach out to Daraz Customer Care and we will arrange a Warranty Card for you, or facilitate a return in case a card cannot be arranged.
If you bought a product that is eligible for servicing, please send the product(s) directly to the Service Center indicated on the warranty card included with your product. If your product falls under E-Warranty and has no card, please refer to the brand website for information on authorised service centers.
For a prompt warranty claim, kindly include all the accessories, information included in packaging and an invoice from Daraz as a proof of purchase.
You may refer to the Brand Contact List for locations of the service centers. The addresses can also be found on the warranty card or on the manufacturer's website.
You do not have to pay for repairs if your product is under warranty and you have not violated any terms & conditions set out by manufacturer/warranty provider.
If the warranty period has expired or if any of the warranty conditions has been violated, customers will be responsible to bear the repair cost. The final repair amount will be determined by the manufacturer upon assessment. We strongly recommend customers to get their products repaired at the brand's authorized service centers to ensure the quality of repair.
My order status is "Delivered" but I didn't receive it. What Should i do? kc-oss-1656501244688-image.png If your order is COD ( Cash On Delivery ), kindly place the order again If your order is prepaid please initiate a return request, for creating the return request please click here. Check if you have mentioned the correct email address / phone number You can initiate the return or contact us within the 24 hours.
Why do I need to provide CNIC at the time of order delivery? If your order is prepaid, the rider will ask for your CNIC copy to make sure the order has been delivered to the right person. The CNIC is taken as the proof of delivery to keep the record of the person who has received the order.
Why are my items shipped separately? Items sourced from different sellers (all around Pakistan) are often shipped separately to make sure there is no delay in the fulfillment of your order. Don't worry as we will make sure all your orders reach you within the promised timeline :)
What are the expected delivery timelines? Note : Due to rainfall in some cities, delivery of your order may be affected. To track your order please go to "My Orders" , or you can visit How to track My Order Article. We always try our best to deliver your order at the earliest! Find the delivery time on every product page in the section Delivery. Incase of delay in order deliver please check What are common reasons for delay ? kc-oss-1663315271136-Slide1.png Note: Once you place your order, you will get the order confirmation email and you can also find your promised delivery time in the same email.
Can I change my shipping address after my order is placed? Unfortunately, NO changes can be made once the order is placed. If your order is in the "Processing" stage, please cancel it and place a new order with the updated details. If your order is shipped, you can contact our care champ (Live Chat) for better assistance. Setting > Account information > Update information > Save
Will somebody contact me before delivering the package to my location? Our Delivery Hero may reach out to you if he needs clarity on the delivery location or needs to confirm the availability before delivering the order.
Which products take longer shipping time? Daraz tries its best to fulfill the orders within the promised timeline. Note: Global / Overseas products are internationally sourced items and take 18 - 24 flat days to be delivered to your doorstep.
I missed my package delivery, what should I do now? Have you missed delivery for any reason? No problem! We will make every effort to deliver your item in the next business day. Three attempts will be made to deliver it before it is canceled. Note: Delivery attempts will not be made if the order has been refused from your side. If you have any other questions then contact us on Live Chat.
My city is not listed in your order list? kc-oss-1673349501287-Nearest area1.png kc-oss-1673349519736-Nearest area2.png Check What are the Non Listed Areas while placing the order?
Can I open and check the parcel before receiving and paying the rider? Unfortunately, Daraz does not allow to open box deliveries. You can accept the package and pay the rider. If you have any problems after unwrapping the box, you can return it to Daraz.
Does Daraz deliver all over Pakistan? Yes, Daraz delivers all over Pakistan. We deliver through our own logistics (DEX) and also through our logistic partners (TCS, LCS, Callcourier, MoveEx, BlueEx, Pk-Trax, and LMP)
How do I track my order? Please follow the steps below to track your order kc-oss-1690966614037-Group 20.png Additionally, if your tracking number belongs to the courier partner (listed below), you can follow your order on their respective courier webpage. TCS Leopard Call courier BlueEx M&P Rider
How do I choose the logistics partner for my shipment? Sadly, you cannot choose the logistics partner for your order delivery. The Daraz logistic team chooses delivery partners based on the customer's delivery location and the courier partner's availability. Don't worry! We ensure that your orders are delivered to you within the promised timeline without any inconvenience. :)
My order delivery has been failed, what should I do? Wrong/Invalid Address: Checking out with an incorrect or incomplete address results in a failed delivery. but we still try to contact the customer by their given number. Contact Not Established: Before arriving at your address, our rider calls you to confirm your availability; if the number is incorrect or unresponsive, results in a failed delivery. Customer Not Available: Even if the contact is not established, our rider will do his best to deliver to the address. but if the customer is not present, the delivery will be cancelled. Courier Has Accident: An accident occurred during delivery. Driver Overloaded: The courier driver overloaded the vehicle with packages. Natural Disaster: A natural disaster (e.g., hurricane, earthquake, flood) disrupted operations. Road Closure/Heavy Traffic: Road closures or heavy traffic congestion affecting delivery routes. Vehicle Breakdown: The courier vehicle broke down, leading to delivery delays. Note:Our rider will make three attempts to contact you; please ensure that you are available at your address; else, it will be returned to the vendor.
What are the Non Listed Areas while placing the order? https://helpcenter.daraz.pk/page/knowledge?pageId=12&category=1000001093&knowledge=1000071202&language=en
What are the delivery charges? Delivery fees are the charges received by Daraz to ship items to a buyer. For every order that is delivered, Daraz charges a certain amount from the customer as delivery fee. However if the actual Delivery fee is different than the estimated delivery fee due to incorrect weight or dimensions, kc-oss-1663319517489-lALPGSWEnVXjaUrNBDjNB4A_1920_1080.png
Which couriers does Daraz deliver through? Daraz delivers through our own logistics Daraz Express(DEX) and also through our logistic partners ((TCS, LCS, Callcourier, MoveEx,, Blue-Ex, PK-Trax, LMP, Rider, M&P ))
How can I get the number of rider? Unfortunately, we are unable to provide the number of our DEX Delivery Heroes. However, our Delivery Hero may get in touch with you to confirm your exact location once the order status changes to "Out for Delivery". TCS: + 92 21-111-123-456 Leopard: + 92 21-111-300-786 BlueEx: + 92 21-111258339 Call Courier: + 92 421-11786227 Rider:+92 213-71-74337 Speedaf +92 311 118 7654 If you have any other questions please contact us on Live Chat.
What are the common reasons for delay? Cross Border Shipment Delay: Due to Air Transportation or Custom Delays, your Cross Border order may take longer than usual to be delivered. Law & Order Situation: Due to procession, lockdowns, strike issues resulting in route blocking, you may receive your package after the promised time. Customer Not Available: On the delivery time customer is not available on the shipping address. Bad Weather/ Natural Disaster: The weather conditions of the destined city may be rough; for example- Heavy rainfall, Smog, Landslide, etc., This may result in a delivery hold-up. Seller Sourcing Issues: Sometimes sellers take longer than the expected time to fulfil your order. Courier Service Delay: Our Delivery Wings may take longer than the expected time to deliver your order. Wrong Address / Phone Number: While placing an order, the customer may enter an incorrect address or phone number, leading to late delivery.
I have a complaint about the courier executive who came to deliver my order, who should I reach out? Feel free to contact our Customer Representative we'd be happy to assist you. We have dedicated a team member to follow up with our Delivery Partner with regard to the concern with the rider.
What is the delivery timeline of Daraz Verified products? The delivery timeline of the Daraz Verified product is based on the City of Destination, or you can find the accurate delivery timeline on the Product Display Page.
What is Daraz Verified? The “Daraz Verified” badge is a sign of reliability, safety and trust for the product. Daraz Verified products are either shipped directly from Daraz Warehouses or from exclusively selected trusted sellers. Daraz Verified products are easily identifiable via the 'Daraz verified' tag under the product image or the 'Daraz Verified' notification under the delivery section of the product page. You can easily look for 'Daraz Verified' products by using the filter under 'services' on search result pages or category navigation pages. Wondering what are the benefits of buying through Daraz Verified? 1. Safety and Trust Daraz Verified Products are either shipped from Daraz warehouses or from trusted sellers who are frequently evaluated and monitored to guarantee safety of the products sold. 2. Reliable Each Daraz Verified Products is shipped with safe and secure packaging to limit the possibility of mishap during the delivery process.
How does Daraz verify products? Daraz Fulfilment team performs a visual check of products stored in Daraz Warehouse via random sampling to ensure that the product matches the displayed image; however, the team does not verify the quality, working condition, sizing, and dimensions of the products. The team also further checks for expiry date (if applicable) and any physical damage of the product which include box damages or missing parts, wear and tear, spillage and dents. As we prepare to deliver the product to you, the team ensures that a visual check for damage (in the case where product is in a box, the box is checked for damage) is conducted, while both picking and packing the product. Daraz trusted sellers are exclusively selected by Daraz in recognition of their consistent excellent service and products.
How to order or find Daraz Verified products? Search your favourite product on Daraz Identify Daraz Verified products via the 'Daraz Verified' tag on product tiles and under delivery options on product pages. Alternatively, you can easily look for 'Daraz Verified' products by using the filter under 'services' on search result pages or category navigation pages. Double-check whether your product is Daraz Verified by looking at the delivery option when selecting the product of your choice. Place your order – You may select Faster Delivery at an additional cost for same-day or next day delivery which is available for a large number of destinations. Confirm your order! Enjoy shopping Daraz Verified Products on Daraz!
What is a Daraz Shop? Daraz Shop is a retail facilitation center for customers. At Daraz Shops, we offer a one-on-one experience with a Daraz Representative who will guide you through the product assortment and all the options and information you need to place your perfect order.
How can a Daraz Shop representative help me? At Daraz Shops, we offer a one-on-one experience with a Daraz Guide / Shop representative who can guide you regarding the below-mentioned points. How to place an order? Daraz returns policy. What needs to be checked before placing the order? Delivery information.
How to find the details of Daraz shop? We currently have Daraz locations all over the country and planning to open many more Daraz Shops!. Select the location of the Daraz Shop to identify the shop closest to you.
How will I know when the express delivery item is delivered? kc-oss-1693384087415-Express Delivery.png Place your order before 12 pm (Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Rawalpindi & Faisalabad) it will be delivered on the Next Day.
What type of products can be collected through daraz pick-up point? Please be noted that the below-mentioned categories have been restricted for self-pickup, customers are unable to avail pick up points on these categories/products. Diapers Oil & Ghee Papers Flour Rice Bookshelf Stationery & Craft Beverages Items should weigh under 8kg (non-bulky) Valid only for pre-paid orders For ‘Daraz Verified’ items, the quantity of the order placed should not be greater than 4 The address should lie within 5 km of the Pick-up point
Can I cancel the Pick up point order? If order is in processing stage it can be cancelled. If the seller has confirmed your order you can contact your care champs via Live Chat to cancel your order.
What payment method is required for Pick up point orders? Debit Card or Credit Card Easypaisa Direct Jazz Cash HBL Direct Transfer Daraz Wallet
How to select pickup point? Daraz provides the most user-friendly collection point service, allowing customers to pick up their items at the nearest pick-up location for a low-cost delivery. kc-oss-1673255531708-How to select pickup point web.gif
Is it safe and secure for me to always give my phone to the pickup point agent when I get an item there? To ensure that the order is delivered to the right person, the pickup point representative often compares the information on the package with the information on the Daraz APP, such as the order number, tracking number, contact number, and OTP. The customer's packages are safeguarded by this cross-check for security reasons. If not, anybody may go to the collecting location and pick up someone else's package by presenting his CNIC.
How can I track my Pick up point order? kc-oss-1672817397209-Track pickup point order.png NOTE: Once the parcel reaches your selected pick-up point then you receive the OTP through push notifications and email within 24 hours and you can collect your order within 3 working days from the pickup point.
Is there any shipping charges for the Pick Up Point? Delivery fees depend on the weight of the package and its origin/destination. To understand how it is calculated, refer to the chart below kc-oss-1688703564699-image.png
How can i get the OTP of my Pickup Point Order? Once the parcel reaches your selected pick-up point then you receive the OTP through push notifications and email within 24 hours. To check where you get the OTP follow the steps below. kc-oss-1692095716739-Pickup point OTP.png kc-oss-1669109275583-Email OTP.png
What is Daraz Pick up point? Daraz Pick-up Point, also known as Collection Point, is a cheap and convenient collection service that allows you to choose the nearest pick-up location based on your shipping address. This will allow you to pick up your parcel at your convenience with subsidized shipping. kc-oss-1689146270763-Slide1.png 14c27b20-7daa-4512-8503-b85a880a70fd.jpg The applicable delivery charges depend on the weight of the package and its origin/destination, Please check "Shipping charges for the Pick Up Point?" 100+ Pick-up Points Hassle-Free shopping. Note: Daraz has set limits on the orders placed by a user for delivery to a designated collection point within a specified time period. The prescribed limit is set at the discretion of the Daraz and surpassing this prescribed limit may be interpreted as malicious activity on the account, and hence can lead to the cancellation of additional orders at Daraz’s discretion.
What happens if I don't collect the package within the given time? If the order is not collected within 3 working days after receiving the OTP, it is sent back to the seller/ it is returned to the seller & will be marked as canceled.
In how many days will I be able to collect my order? You can collect your order from pickup point within 3 working days from the time you receive the One Time Password (OTP code).
What categories can i sell on Daraz? Daraz has over 30 main categories of goods that you can sell your products in, including fashion, electronics,FMCG, lifestyle, health & beauty to name a few. However, we do have items that are counterfeit, dangerous and prohibited by law or cultural norms which sellers must refrain from listing.
Is it worth it to sell on Daraz.pk? kc-oss-1689676490133-Sell on Daraz D.png Online Webinars or Bootcamp Trainings Learning from the experience of Sellers Exciting campaigns, tools, and services for sellers Insights to engaging sellers and Rewards
How can I sell on Daraz? If you want to start Apna Karobar and become part of a renowned online selling website in Pakistan, then Daraz is the place for you. With the Daraz seller center, you can set up a Daraz Seller Account and start making online sales in Pakistan! Register and list your products Receive orders and sell across Pakistan Get payments and grow your business.
What if incorrect information is submitted during Seller Signup? In case there are any issues in your seller signup form, our verification team will guide you by highlighting the incorrect information after which you can simply resubmit.
What is Daraz Commission? Opening a shop on Daraz is completely free. However, Daraz does deduct a small percentage of commission from the payment of your orders. Each product commission depends on the type of category it falls under.
How to contact seller? Login to your account on Daraz App/website with your registered credentials. Search the product in the search bar. Click on the product and you will find two options (Seller chat and Questions About This Product) The "Seller Chat" option will appear on the right side of the product display page. The "Question About This Product" option will appear at the bottom of the page. Mention the complete query about the product in the Question Tab You will get your response within 24 to 48 hours.
How to contact Seller Support Team? Want to talk to our Seller Support team? You can call us at 021-111-735537 between 09:00 AM - 09:00 PM ( Mon-Sat ) or connect to our Seller Support team on Chat between 09:00 AM - 09:00 PM ( Mon-Sun ) Login to your seller account through Seller Center Go to Seller Help Center Scroll down and tap on "Chat Now" Download the Daraz Seller App and login to your seller account ( Android / IOS ) Go to "Me" section Tap on Seller Help Center Scroll down and tap on "Chat Now"
What is Daraz Seller Center and how does it work? Daraz Seller Center is a platform made specifically for Daraz Sellers where you can receive orders and sell across Pakistan by registering your products and uploading them on Darazs online marketplace from where you receive the payment of your order directly in your account.
Conditions for Returns The product must be unused, unworn, unwashed and without any flaws. For fashion products, products may be tried on to see if the item fits. This will still be considered as unworn. The product must include the original tags, user manuals, warranty cards, freebies, invoice and accessories. The product must be returned in the original and undamaged manufacturer's packaging/box. If the product was delivered in Daraz packaging/box, the same packaging/box should be returned. Do not put tape or stickers directly on the manufacturer's packaging / box. NOTE:It is important to indicate the Order Number and Return Tracking Number on your return package to avoid any inconvenience/delay in your return process. If your returned item does not meet the above requirements, we reserve the right to reject any request for a refund. Note: If your return request has been rejected, the item will be delivered back to you between 4-6 days. Item will be sent to scrap after three (3) failed delivery attempts and no refund will be given. Free & Easy Returns Policy If your product is damaged, defective, incorrect or incomplete at the time of delivery, please raise a return request on Daraz app or website. Return request must be raised within 14 days for all items from the date of delivery. All Daraz Mall items are 100% Authentic by Trusted Brands and are covered under 2x Money Back Guarantee. Note: Groceries and Digital Goods are excluded from 2x Money Back Guarantee. For electronic appliances & mobile phones related issues after usage or after the return policy period, please check if the product is covered under seller warranty or brand warranty. For purchases under Daraz Like New, your product is covered under 3-Months Warranty (for phones) and 6-Months Warranty (for laptops and tablets). Refer to Daraz Like New Warranty Policy and Warranty Policy for complete Terms and Conditions. For selected categories, we accept a change of mind. Please refer to the section below on Return Policy per Category for more information. Valid reasons to return an item Delivered product is damaged (i.e. physically destroyed or broken) / defective (e.g. unable to switch on) Delivered product is incomplete (i.e. has missing items and/or accessories). Delivered product is incorrect (i.e. wrong product/size/colour, fake item, or expired) Delivered product is does not match product description or picture (i.e product not as advertised) Delivered product does not fit. (i.e. size is unsuitable)
Phones and Tablets Phones, Tablets, Batteries & Chargers, Earphones & Headsets, Mobile & Tablet Accessories Change of Mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: We do not accept returns for any used items. For mobile phones, you may raise a return request directly with Daraz if the device is dead on arrival (i.e. does not switch on completely). If the mobile phone has already been activated*, please contact the seller or brand warranty provider directly for information regarding the manufacturer's warranty. *Mobile phone is considered activated once SIM card has been inserted or when the phone has been connected to the internet via Wi-Fi. Daraz Like New Phones & Tablets Change of Mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Daraz Like New Phones are covered under a 3-Months Daraz Like New Warranty for defective issues. Daraz Like New Tablets are covered under a 6-Months Daraz Like New Warranty for defective issues. Please contact Daraz Customer Service for returns and refunds.
Fashion Clothing, Apparel, Sunglasses, Shoes & Accessories Change of mind is applicable for return and refund (excluding non-DarazMall items shipped from overseas). If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Items must be unworn, unwashed, and unaltered with their tags intact. Any items found used will be rejected and returned back to customers. Bags, Eyewear, Jewellery, Watches, Women's Intimate Apparel & Men's Innerwear. Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Items must be unworn, unwashed, and unaltered with their tags intact. Any items found used will be rejected and returned back to customers. Items that are non-returnable: All custom-made items, Fine Jewellery (gold, diamonds, gems etc.)
Beauty & Health Makeup, Fragnance, Moisturizers, Creams, Scrubs, Oils, Bath & Body Accessories, Personal Care & Health, Sexual Wellness, Shape wear, Food Supplements Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Refer to our Warranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the seller/manufacturer. Items that are non-returnable: All types of Beauty Services
Appliances Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Refer to our Warranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the seller/manufacturer.
Computing & Gaming Laptops, Certified Refurbished Laptops, Components, Processors, Projectors, Storage, Printers, Scanners,Headphones, Speakers, Consoles & PC / Video Games, Gaming Consoles & Accessories, Software CDs Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: We do not accept returns for any used items. For laptops with brand warranty, Daraz will only accept returns if the device is dead on arrival (i.e. does not switch on completely). Once the brand seal has been opened or removed, please contact the seller or brand warranty provider directly for information regarding the manufacturer's warranty. Items that are non-returnable: All software products that are labeled as non-returnable on their product details page Note: For any software-related technical issues or installation issues, please contact the brand warranty provider directly for information regarding the manufacturer's warranty. Daraz Like New Laptops Change of Mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Daraz Like New Laptops are covered under a 6-Months Daraz Like New Warranty for defective issues. Please contact Daraz Customer Service for returns and refunds.
TVs, Audios & Cameras Televisions, Headphones, Speakers, Cameras, Drones, Lenses, Flashes, Filters Microphones,Video Glasses, Remote Controllers, Musical Instruments, Audio & Entertainment Equipments, Portable Players, Other Accessories Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Refer to ourWarranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the seller/manufacturer. Items that are non-returnable: Movies, TV Series & Music voucher or services
Daraz Like New Like New Phones, Like New Laptops, Like New Tablets, Like New Smartwatches, Like New Airbuds, Like New Speakers, Like New Treadmills Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund. If the item received does not work at all after being delivered, is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete; refund will be issued based on the assessment conducted by Daraz. All Daraz Like New items are covered under Warranty Warranty details can be found below under each category. Note: All Daraz Like New items are fully functional. There may be minor cosmetic damage. These items need to be protected from water/liquid damages, overheating from overuse, overcharging, dust and preventing it from falling. It is recommended to use only original chargers that are accompanied in the box to preserve battery health and prevent overcharging or overheating. Daraz reserves the right to reject or accept warranty claims on a case to case basis. Additionally, Daraz reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of Daraz Like New Warranty at any time without any notice.
Home & Living Bedding & Bath, Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements, Household & Home Storage Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller orBrand Warranty. Refer to our Warranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the seller/manufacturer. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items
Sports & Travel Clothing, Apparel, Shoes & Sunglasses Change of mind is applicable for return and refund (excluding non-DarazMall items shipped from overseas). If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. For overseas products, please refer to the product page to check the applicable return reasons. Bags & Luggage, Sport Watches, Team & Racket Sports, Dance & Gymnastics, Exercise & Fitness, Sports Nutrition & Supplements, Outdoor Equipment, Fitness & Other Sports Equipment Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. For overseas products, please refer to the product page to check the applicable return reasons. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Refer to ourWarranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the seller/manufacturer.
Baby, Toys & Kids Clothing, Apparel, Sunglasses, Shoes & Accessories Change of mind is applicable for return and refund (excluding non-DarazMall items shipped from overseas). If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Toys & Games, Baby Care & Hygiene, Baby Gear, Diapers & Potties, Feeding & Nursing Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Refer to ourWarranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the seller/manufacturer.
Grocer's Shop Bakery, Beverages, Baking & Cooking, Cigars & Cigarettes, Dairy, Packaged Foods, Party Accessories, Snacks, Meat & Seafood, Fruits & Vegetables Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is expired, damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment.
Any 3 Bundle Return request must be raised within 14 days for Any 3 Bundle from the date of delivery. Change of Mind is not applicable for return and refund. Partial returns are allowed: If a certain number of products from an Any 3 Bundle are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. The refund amount is calculated on item level of each bundle. The total amount paid for the order will be divided by 3, multiplied by the number of items you have returned.
Books & Stationery Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment.
Pet Supplies Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is expired, damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment.
Automotive & Motorcycles Accessories and Others Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Items that are non-returnable: Any types of vehicles (cars, bikes etc.), Installation Services
Medical & Industrial Equipment Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment.
Tools, DIY & Outdoor Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment.
Laundry & Cleaning Change of mind isnot applicable for return and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment.
By using Daraz.pk (‘Site’) you agree to these terms and conditions, privacy policy, returns and refund policy of the Site. Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully before using Daraz.pk. 1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Daraz.pk also hereby known as “we", "us" or "Daraz". We are an online marketplace and these are the terms and conditions governing your access and use of Daraz along with its related sub-domains, sites, mobile app, services and tools (the "Site"). By using the Site, you hereby accept these terms and conditions (including the linked information herein) and represent that you agree to comply with these terms and conditions (the "User Agreement"). This User Agreement is deemed effective upon your use of the Site which signifies your acceptance of these terms. If you do not agree to be bound by this User Agreement please do not access, register with or use this Site. This Site is owned and operated by Jade E Services Pakistan Pvt Limited (Registration Number: '0080047)
The Site reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions at any time without any prior notification. Changes will be effective when posted on the Site with no other notice provided. Please check these Terms and Conditions regularly for updates. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to Terms and Conditions of use constitutes your acceptance of those changes. Back to Top
To access certain services offered by the platform, we may require that you create an account with us or provide personal information to complete the creation of an account. We may at any time in our sole and absolute discretion, invalidate the username and/or password without giving any reason or prior notice and shall not be liable or responsible for any losses suffered by, caused by, arising out of, in connection with or by reason of such request or invalidation.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user identification, password, account details and related private information. You agree to accept this responsibility and ensure your account and its related details are maintained securely at all times and all necessary steps are taken to prevent misuse of your account. You should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorized manner. You agree and acknowledge that any use of the Site and related services offered and/or any access to private information, data or communications using your account and password shall be deemed to be either performed by you or authorized by you as the case may be. You agree to be bound by any access of the Site and/or use of any services offered by the Site (whether such access or use are authorized by you or not). You agree that we shall be entitled (but not obliged) to act upon, rely on or hold you solely responsible and liable in respect thereof as if the same were carried out or transmitted by you. You further agree and acknowledge that you shall be bound by and agree to fully indemnify us against any and all losses arising from the use of or access to the Site through your account.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete at all times. You are obligated to update details about your account in real time by accessing your account online. For pieces of information you are not able to update by accessing Your Account on the Site, you must inform us via our customer service communication channels to assist you with these changes. We reserve the right to refuse access to the Site, terminate accounts, remove or edit content at any time without prior notice to you. We may at any time in our sole and absolute discretion, request that you update your Personal Data or forthwith invalidate the account or related details without giving any reason or prior notice and shall not be liable or responsible for any losses suffered by or caused by you or arising out of or in connection with or by reason of such request or invalidation. You hereby agree to change your password from time to time and to keep your account secure and also shall be responsible for the confidentiality of your account and liable for any disclosure or use (whether such use is authorised or not) of the username and/or password. Back to Top
Please review our Privacy Agreement, which also governs your visit to the Site. The personal information / data provided to us by you or your use of the Site will be treated as strictly confidential, in accordance with the Privacy Agreement and applicable laws and regulations. If you object to your information being transferred or used in the manner specified in the Privacy Agreement, please do not use the Site. Back to Top
You agree, understand and acknowledge that the Site is an online platform that enables you to purchase products listed at the price indicated therein at any time from any location using a payment method of your choice. You further agree and acknowledge that we are only a facilitator and cannot be a party to or control in any manner any transactions on the Site or on a payment gateway as made available to you by an independent service provider. Accordingly, the contract of sale of products on the Site shall be a strictly bipartite contract between you and the sellers on our Site while the payment processing occurs between you, the service provider and in case of prepayments with electronic cards your issuer bank. Accordingly, the contract of payment on the Site shall be strictly a bipartite contract between you and the service provider as listed on our Site. Back to Top
We will do our utmost to ensure that access to the Site is consistently available and is uninterrupted and error-free. However, due to the nature of the Internet and the nature of the Site, this cannot be guaranteed. Additionally, your access to the Site may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services at any time without prior notice. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction. Back to Top
We require that by accessing the Site, you confirm that you can form legally binding contracts and therefore you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age or are accessing the Site under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. We grant you a non-transferable, revocable and non-exclusive license to use the Site, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions described herein, for the purposes of shopping for personal items and services as listed to be sold on the Site. Commercial use or use on behalf of any third party is prohibited, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance. If you are registering as a business entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind that entity to this User Agreement and that you and the business entity will comply with all applicable laws relating to online trading. No person or business entity may register as a member of the Site more than once. Any breach of these Terms and Conditions shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.
Content provided on this Site is solely for informational purposes. Product representations including price, available stock, features, add-ons and any other details as expressed on this Site are the responsibility of the vendors displaying them and is not guaranteed as completely accurate by us. Submissions or opinions expressed on this Site are those of the individual(s) posting such content and may not reflect our opinions.
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site, but not to download (excluding page caches) or modify the Site or any portion of it in any manner. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this Site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another seller; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This Site or any portion of it (including but not limited to any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information) may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, distributed or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent by us as may be applicable.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other text utilizing our name or trademark without our express written consent, as applicable. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by us to you for access to the Site with no prior notice. You may not use our logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of an external link for commercial or other purposes without our express written consent, as may be applicable.
You agree and undertake not to perform restricted activities listed within this section; undertaking these activities will result in an immediate cancellation of your account, services, reviews, orders or any existing incomplete transaction with us and in severe cases may also result in legal action
Refusal to comply with the Terms and Conditions described herein or any other guidelines and policies related to the use of the Site as available on the Site at all times. Impersonate any person or entity or to falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity. Use the Site for illegal purposes. Attempt to gain unauthorized access to or otherwise interfere or disrupt other computer systems or networks connected to the Platform or Services. Interfere with another’s utilization and enjoyment of the Site; Post, promote or transmit through the Site any prohibited materials as deemed illegal by The Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Use or upload, in any way, any software or material that contains, or which you have reason to suspect that contains, viruses, damaging components, malicious code or harmful components which may impair or corrupt the Site’s data or damage or interfere with the operation of another Customer’s computer or mobile device or the Site and use the Site other than in conformance with the acceptable use policies of any connected computer networks, any applicable Internet standards and any other applicable laws.
You must not use the website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the Site or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way. You must not engage in activities that could harm or potentially harm the Site, its employees, officers, representatives, stakeholders or any other party directly or indirectly associated with the Site or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way. You understand that you, and not us, are responsible for all electronic communications and content sent from your computer to us and you must use the Site for lawful purposes only. You are strictly prohibited from using the Site
For fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offense or other unlawful activity to send, use or reuse any material that does not belong to you; or is illegal, offensive (including but not limited to material that is sexually explicit content or which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm), deceptive, misleading, abusive, indecent, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, libellous, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic or menacing; ethnically objectionable, disparaging or in breach of copyright, trademark, confidentiality, privacy or any other proprietary information or right; or is otherwise injurious to third parties; or relates to or promotes money laundering or gambling; or is harmful to minors in any way; or impersonates another person; or threatens the unity, integrity, security or sovereignty of Pakistan or friendly relations with foreign States; or objectionable or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; or which consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any "spam”. Use the Site for illegal purposes. To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety For any other purposes that is other than what is intended by us
Anything that you submit to the Site and/or provide to us, including but not limited to, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "Submissions") will become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you. In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews to the Site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You shall not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions. We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions without any notice or legal course applicable to us in this regard. Back to Top
We list thousands of products for sale offered by numerous sellers on the Site and host multiple comments on listings, it is not possible for us to be aware of the contents of each product listed for sale, or each comment or review that is displayed. Accordingly, we operate on a "claim, review and takedown" basis. If you believe that any content on the Site is illegal, offensive (including but not limited to material that is sexually explicit content or which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm), deceptive, misleading, abusive, indecent, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, libellous, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic or menacing; ethnically objectionable, disparaging; or is otherwise injurious to third parties; or relates to or promotes money laundering or gambling; or is harmful to minors in any way; or impersonates another person; or threatens the unity, integrity, security or sovereignty of Pakistan or friendly relations with foreign States; or objectionable or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; or which consists of or contains software viruses, (" objectionable content "), please notify us immediately by following by writing to us on legal@daraz.com We will make all practical endeavours to investigate and remove valid objectionable content complained about within a reasonable amount of time.
Please ensure to provide your name, address, contact information and as many relevant details of the claim including name of objectionable content party, instances of objection, proof of objection amongst other. Please note that providing incomplete details will render your claim invalid and unusable for legal purposes. Back to Top
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement, please write to us at ipr@daraz.com and we will make all reasonable efforts to address your concern within a reasonable amount of time. Please ensure to provide your name, address, contact information and as many relevant details of the claim including name of infringing party, instances of infringement, proof of infringement amongst other. Please note that providing incomplete details will render your claim invalid and unusable for legal purposes. In addition, providing false or misleading information may be considered a legal offense and may be followed by legal proceedings.
We also respect a manufacturer's right to enter into exclusive distribution or resale agreements for its products. However, violations of such agreements do not constitute intellectual property rights infringement. As the enforcement of these agreements is a matter between the manufacturer, distributor and/or respective reseller, it would not be appropriate for us to assist in the enforcement of such activities. While we cannot provide legal advice, nor share private information as protected by the law, we recommend that any questions or concerns regarding your rights may be routed to a legal specialist. Back to Top
Daraz.pk, Daraz logo, D for Daraz logo, Daraz, Daraz Fashion, Daraz Basics and other marks indicated on our Site are trademarks or registered trademarks in the relevant jurisdiction(s). Our graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are the trademarks or trade dress and may not be used in connection with any product or service that does not belong to us or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us. All other trademarks that appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us.
All intellectual property rights, whether registered or unregistered, in the Site, information content on the Site and all the website design, including, but not limited to text, graphics, software, photos, video, music, sound, and their selection and arrangement, and all software compilations, underlying source code and software shall remain our property. The entire contents of the Site also are protected by copyright as a collective work under Pakistani copyright laws and international conventions. All rights are reserved. Back to Top
You acknowledge and undertake that you are accessing the services on the Site and transacting at your own risk and are using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transactions through the Site. We shall neither be liable nor responsible for any actions or inactions of sellers nor any breach of conditions, representations or warranties by the sellers or manufacturers of the products and hereby expressly disclaim and any all responsibility and liability in that regard. We shall not mediate or resolve any dispute or disagreement between you and the sellers or manufacturers of the products.
We further expressly disclaim any warranties or representations (express or implied) in respect of quality, suitability, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, performance, safety, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or legality of the products listed or displayed or transacted or the content (including product or pricing information and/or specifications) on the Site. While we have taken precautions to avoid inaccuracies in content, this Site, all content, information (including the price of products), software, products, services and related graphics are provided as is, without warranty of any kind. We do not implicitly or explicitly support or endorse the sale or purchase of any products on the Site. At no time shall any right, title or interest in the products sold through or displayed on the Site vest with us nor shall Daraz have any obligations or liabilities in respect of any transactions on the Site.
We shall neither be liable or responsible for any actions or inactions of any other service provider as listed on our Site which includes but is not limited to payment providers, instalment offerings, warranty services amongst others. Back to Top
You shall indemnify and hold harmless Daraz as owned by Daraz Singapore Private Limited, its subsidiaries, affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees, from any claim or demand, or actions including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party or penalty imposed due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms and Conditions or any document incorporated by reference, or your violation of any law, rules, regulations or the rights of a third party.
You hereby expressly release Daraz as owned by Daraz Singapore Private Limited and/or its affiliates and/or any of its officers and representatives from any cost, damage, liability or other consequence of any of the actions/inactions of the sellers or other service providers and specifically waiver any claims or demands that you may have in this behalf under any statute, contract or otherwise. Back to Top
Parties other than Daraz and its affiliates may operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on the Site. For example, businesses and individuals offer products via Marketplace. In addition, we provide links to the websites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant or endorse the offerings of any of these businesses or individuals, or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, and content of any of these and any other third-parties. You can tell when a third-party is involved in your transactions by reviewing your transaction carefully, and we may share customer information related to those transactions with that third-party. You should carefully review their privacy statements and related terms and conditions. Back to Top
When you visit the Site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You will be required to provide a valid phone number while placing an order with us. We may communicate with you by e-mail, SMS, phone call or by posting notices on the Site or by any other mode of communication we choose to employ. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications (including transactional, promotional and/or commercial messages), from us with respect to your use of the website (and/or placement of your order) and agree to treat all modes of communication with the same importance.
Daraz's Buyer-Seller Interaction Policy outlines the standard of behavior that sellers need to follow when connecting with customers on the Question & Answer Section, Instant Messenger, and Product Review Platform (of Daraz). Daraz monitors all kinds of buyer-seller communications and is authorized to take action in case of any violations. Back to Top
We will not be responsible for any business or personal losses (including but not limited to loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill, or wasted expenditure) or any other indirect or consequential loss that is not reasonably foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using the Site. Back to Top
We reserve the right to make changes to the Site, its policies, these terms and conditions and any other publicly displayed condition or service promise at any time. You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time you used the Site unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. Back to Top
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights. Back to Top
You acknowledge and recognize that we are a private commercial enterprise and reserve the right to conduct business to achieve our objectives in a manner we deem fit. You also acknowledge that if you breach the conditions stated on our Site and we take no action, we are still entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions. Back to Top
In addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the Terms and Conditions or revoke any or all of your rights granted under the Terms and Conditions. Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the Site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this Site in whole or in part. Any termination of this agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination. You furthermore agree that the Site shall not be liable to you or to any other person as a result of any such suspension or termination. If you are dissatisfied with the Site or with any terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices in operating the Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site. Back to Top
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Islamic Republic of Pakistan. You agree, as we do, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Karachi, Pakistan. Back to Top
Our software includes any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with the Site (the "Software").
You may use the software solely for purposes of enabling you to use and enjoy our services as permitted by the Terms and Conditions and any related applicable terms as available on the Site. You may not incorporate any portion of the Software into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease, lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the Software or otherwise assign any rights to the Software in whole or in part. You may not use the Software for any illegal purpose. We may cease providing you service and we may terminate your right to use the Software at any time. Your rights to use the Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of the Terms and Conditions listed here or across the Site. Additional third party terms contained within the Site or distributed as such that are specifically identified in related documentation may apply and will govern the use of such software in the event of a conflict with these Terms and Conditions. All software used in any of our services is our property and/or our affiliates or its software suppliers and protected by the laws of Pakistan including but not limited to any other applicable copyright laws.
When you use the Site, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider. Your use of these third party services may be subject to separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.
You may not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorize any other person to copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or otherwise tamper with our software whether in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the Software.
In order to keep the Software up-to-date, we may offer automatic or manual updates at any time and without notice to you. Back to Top
Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order for any products with the Sellers (“We” or “Our” or “Us”, wherever applicable) on the Site. These conditions signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. Back to Top
This section deals with conditions relating to the sale of products or services on the Site. Back to Top
Your order is a legal offer to the seller to buy the product or service displayed on our Site. When you place an order to purchase a product, any confirmations or status updates received prior to the dispatch of your order serves purely to validate the order details provided and in no way implies the confirmation of the order itself. The acceptance of your order is considered confirmed when the product is dispatched to you. If your order is dispatched in more than one package, you may receive separate dispatch confirmations. Upon time of placing the order, we indicate an approximate timeline that the processing of your order will take however we cannot guarantee this timeline to be rigorously precise in every instance as we are dependent on third party service providers to preserve this commitment. We commit to you to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the indicative timeline is met. All commercial/contractual terms are offered by and agreed to between you and the sellers alone. The commercial/contractual terms include without limitation price, shipping costs, payment methods, payment terms, date, period and mode of delivery, warranties related to products and services and after sales services related to products and services. Daraz does not have any control or does not determine or advise or in any way involve itself in the offering or acceptance of such commercial/contractual terms between the you and the Sellers. The seller retains the right to cancel any order at its sole discretion prior to dispatch. We will ensure that there is timely intimation to you of such cancellation via an email or sms. Any prepayments made in case of such cancellation(s), shall be refunded to you within the time frames stipulated here.
You confirm that the product(s) or service(s) ordered by you are purchased for your internal / personal consumption and not for commercial re-sale. You authorize us to declare and provide declaration to any governmental authority on your behalf stating the aforesaid purpose for your orders on the Site. The Seller or the Site may cancel an order wherein the quantities exceed the typical individual consumption. This applies both to the number of products ordered within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product where the individual orders comprise a quantity that exceeds the typical individual consumption. What comprises a typical individual's consumption quantity limit shall be based on various factors and at the sole discretion of the Seller or ours and may vary from individual to individual.
Please note that we sell products only in quantities which correspond to the typical needs of an average household. This applies both to the number of products ordered within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product where the individual orders comprise a quantity typical for a normal household. Back to Top
Note: If your return has been rejected, it will be sent back to you within 3-5 working days. If you fail to receive the item within 3 attempts, it will be sent to scrap. Back to Top
All prices are listed in Rupees and are inclusive of GST and are listed on the Site by the seller that is selling the product or service. Items in your Shopping Cart will always reflect the most recent price displayed on the item's product detail page. Please note that this price may differ from the price shown for the item when you first placed it in your cart. Placing an item in your cart does not reserve the price shown at that time. It is also possible that an item's price may decrease between the time you place it in your basket and the time you purchase it.
We are determined to provide the most accurate pricing information on the Site to our users; however, errors may still occur, such as cases when the price of an item is not displayed correctly on the Site. As such, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order. In the event that an item is mispriced, we may, at our own discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your prepayment processed. If such a cancellation occurs on your prepaid order, our policies for refund will apply.
We list availability information for products listed on the Site, including on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the Site, we cannot be more specific about availability. Please note that dispatch estimates are just that. They are not guaranteed dispatch times and should not be relied upon as such. As we process your order, you will be informed by e-mail or sms if any products you order turn out to be unavailable.
Please note that there are cases when an order cannot be processed for various reasons. The Site reserves the right to refuse or cancel any order for any reason at any given time. You may be asked to provide additional verifications or information, including but not limited to phone number and address, before we accept the order.
In order to avoid any fraud with credit or debit cards, we reserve the right to obtain validation of your payment details before providing you with the product and to verify the personal information you shared with us. This verification can take the shape of an identity, place of residence, or banking information check. The absence of an answer following such an inquiry will automatically cause the cancellation of the order within a reasonable timeline. We reserve the right to proceed to direct cancellation of an order for which we suspect a risk of fraudulent use of banking instruments or other reasons without prior notice or any subsequent legal liability.
Refund voucher can be redeemed on our Website, as full or part payment of products from our Website within the given timeline. Refund voucher cannot be used from different account. Vouchers are not replaceable if expired.
Each issued promotional voucher (App voucher and New customer voucher) will be valid for use by a customer only once. Multiple usages changing the identity is illegal. Promotional voucher is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash in part or full and is valid for a single transaction only. Promotional voucher may not be valid during sale or in conjunction with any special promotion. Voucher will work only if minimum purchase amount and other conditions are met. Daraz reserves the right to vary or terminate the operation of any voucher at any time without notice. Daraz shall not be liable to any customer or household for any financial loss arising out of the refusal, cancellation or withdrawal of any voucher or any failure or inability of a customer to use a voucher for any reason. Vouchers are not replaceable if expired.
When you use a voucher, you warrant to Daraz that you are the duly authorized recipient of the voucher and that you are using it in good faith. If you redeem, attempt to redeem or encourage the redemption of voucher to obtain discounts to which you are not entitled you may be committing a civil or criminal offence If we reasonably believe that any voucher is being used unlawfully or illegally we may reject or cancel any voucher/order and you agree that you will have no claim against us in respect of any rejection or cancellation. Daraz reserves the right to take any further action it deems appropriate in such instances
Reselling Daraz products for business purpose is strictly prohibited. If any unauthorized personnel is found committing the above act, legal action may be taken against him/her. Back to Top
You shall be responsible for payment of all fees/costs/charges associated with the purchase of products from the Site and you agree to bear any and all applicable taxes as per prevailing law. Back to Top
When you visit the Site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You will be required to provide a valid phone number while placing an order with us. We may communicate with you by e-mail, SMS, phone call or by posting notices on the website or by any other mode of communication we choose to employ. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications (including transactional, promotional and/or commercial messages), from us with respect to your use of the website (and/or placement of your order) and agree to treat all modes of communication with the same importance.
We will not be responsible for any business or personal losses (including but not limited to loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill, or wasted expenditure) or any other indirect or consequential loss that is not reasonably foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using the website.
We reserve the right to make changes to the Site, its policies, these terms and conditions and any other publicly displayed condition or service promise at any time. You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time you used the website unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
You acknowledge and recognize that we are a private commercial enterprise and reserve the right to conduct business to achieve our objectives in a manner we deem fit. You also acknowledge that if you breach the conditions stated on our Site and we take no action, we are still entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. You agree, as we do, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Karachi.
We do not make any representation or warranty as to specifics (such as quality, value, saleability, etc) of the products or services listed to be sold on the Site when products or services are sold by third parties. We do not implicitly or explicitly support or endorse the sale or purchase of any products or services on the Site. We accept no liability for any errors or omissions, whether on behalf of itself or third parties.
We are not responsible for any non-performance or breach of any contract entered into between you and the sellers. We cannot and do not guarantee your actions or those of the sellers as they conclude transactions on the Site. We are not required to mediate or resolve any dispute or disagreement arising from transactions occurring on our Site.
We do not at any point of time during any transaction as entered into by you with a third party on our Site, gain title to or have any rights or claims over the products or services offered by a seller. Therefore, we do not have any obligations or liabilities in respect of such contract(s) entered into between you and the seller(s). We are not responsible for unsatisfactory or delayed performance of services or damages or delays as a result of products which are out of stock, unavailable or back ordered.
Pricing on any product(s) or related information as reflected on the Site may due to some technical issue, typographical error or other reason by incorrect as published and as a result you accept that in such conditions the seller or the Site may cancel your order without prior notice or any liability arising as a result. Any prepayments made for such orders will be refunded to you per our refund policy as stipulated here.
What should I do if my return request is cancelled? If your pick-up or drop-off request has been cancelled please feel free to chat with us at https://ai.alimebot.daraz.pk/intl/index.htm?from=XwE5eGigSS
What options can I choose to return my item? Note: For Digital goods, dFresh and Missing items our team will contact you within 24 hours after initiating the return request. For other physical items there are two ways you can return your item to Daraz. They are explained in detail in the image below. To initiate any of these options, fill out the return form and select either of these options. kc-oss-1700029518263-Slide1.png Note: The return option for bulky items is available all over Pakistan, but the pickup option for non-bulky item returns is only available in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Multan and Rawalpindi.
How long is the quality check process? Our Quality Check team checks these item(s) received from you to verify the issue highlighted in your return claim. The refund will only be issued if your return claim has been approved. You will be notified via notification once your refund has been processed. If it is an declined return, the product will be sent back to you and you will be informed of the reason for return rejection. Package arrives at warehouse within 1-5 working days and Quality Check takes 2 working days Note: For Digital Goods/Daraz Fresh Items team will contact you within 24 hours after you initiate your return request.
How to initiate a return request for an item not received/empty/missing package? kc-oss-1692253803472-Missing item ORF.png
What should I do if I receive a broken or damaged product? Submit your request for return within 14 days for Daraz Mall and other products For Daraz Fresh our team will contact you within 24 hours after initiating the return return request. Note: Our marketplace items' 14-day return policy covers all orders placed on October 25th and onwards.
Where is the nearest drop-off location? Once the return request has been initiated, you will be able to drop off your item(s) at your chosen option within 4 days. PK-TCS: https://www.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/help/tcs-locations?spm=a2a0e.12026511.4180196710.5.33b61b6aiCYXOS&hybrid=1 PK-DEX: https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/seo/daraz-shops?hybrid=1&from=icms:offline PK-LCS: https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/seo/leopard-locations?hybrid=1
When can I return my item? Return request must be raised within 14 days for Daraz Mall items and non-Daraz Mall items from the date of delivery. You can initiate the return request once the order status has been updated to “Delivered”. If the order has been delivered and the status has not updated, it will be updated within 24-48 hours. The return window will only begin when the status has been updated. Item is damaged, defective, or expired Item is incorrect, counterfeit or not as advertised Item is of incorrect size or does not fit you Item, freebie, or accessory is missing You changed your mind Men's/Women's Bags Luggages and Suitcases Men's/Women's Fashion Bedding Bath Exceptions are Duffel bags, innerwear and overseas products Note: Our marketplace items' 14-day return policy covers all orders placed on October 25th and onwards.
How long is the return process? Once the return request has been initiated, and your item has been picked up or dropped off, it takes 6-10 business days for the return process to be completed. Note: For Digital goods, dFresh and Missing items our team will contact you within 24 hours after initiating the return request. You may refer to the image to have a better understanding of the Return Process. kc-oss-1698216652009-RP process.png Note: Our marketplace items' 14-day return policy covers all orders placed on October 25th and onwards.
Do I have to pay for my return? Returning an item is free regardless of whether you choose pick-up or drop-off
How do I return my item? Go to “My Orders” Tap on "Initiate a Return" Select “I want to return the product” Fill out the Online Return Form with all the relevant information Select Pick Up or Drop Off as per your preference Submit the request Note: If your item is not received/ empty/ missing package then check How to initiate a return request for an item not received/empty/missing package?
How should I pack the items for return? Fashion products: Unworn and unwashed, can be tried on for fit. Include all received items: free gifts, warranties, tags, manuals. Return in undamaged original packaging, no tape on manufacturer's box. Protect damaged Daraz packaging with extra plastic wrapping. Maintain product's received condition Choose drop-off or pickup for the return process. Important: Pack items separately by their unique return tracking numbers. Don't combine items with different tracking numbers
Which item(s) are non-returnable? If you have received the correct product in the right condition, and if in case you don’t like it, it cannot be returned if a change of mind is not applicable. Moreover please check the non returnable items list below, Custom made item(s) in all the categories are non-returnable All pet supplies are non-returnable Movies and music cannot be returned All the software that is labeled as non-returnable on the product page Women's intimate apparel and men's innerwear cannot be returned Note: You can only initiate the return request for the above-mentioned item(s) if you have received an item(s) that is defective, incomplete, damaged, or incorrect.
What will happen if my return claim is invalid? After a quality check of your item, if your return request is rejected we will inform you via email and call. Your item will then arrive at your address within 4 to 6 days Note: Our delivery partner will make 3 attempts to deliver your package. After that, your package will be scrapped along with your item.
What is Daraz’s Free & Easy Returns Policy? Return option is available on the categories listed in the given chart. Return timelines and cancellation availability for each category are also listed. kc-oss-1698217040505-What is Daraz’s returns policy.png For device-related issues after usage or the expiration of the return window, seller warranty or brand warranty could be given by the seller. For a seller warranty, please contact the seller. The contact details of the seller can be found on the invoice. For brand warranty, please refer to the Brand Contact List. For more information on warranty claims please view our Warranty Policy.
I lost my warranty card, How can i claim Warranty? Present your seller invoice (VAT Bill) which was delivered along with the product to any authorized Service Center
How do I claim my warranty? Warranty can be claimed by presenting Warranty Card or Order Invoices at the respective brand's authorized service center Unstamped Warranty Card Outdated Warranty Card Mismatched Reference Numbers Warranty Card Missing
What is Daraz's warranty policy? Daraz offers the following warranties with its products. Brand Warranty: If your product is eligible for the brand warranty it will be indicated as “brand warranty” on the product detail page. For brand warranty, refer to the Brand Contact List. If your product is within the warranty duration and malfunctions during normal usage, the brand will provide free of charge repair and/or replacement services within the warranty period. Daraz will not take any responsibility for the after-sale services. Seller Warranty: If your product is eligible for a seller warranty it will be indicated as “local seller warranty” on the product detail page. To claim a seller warranty, you can contact the seller through the product page or you can also contact the seller through the contact details mentioned on the invoice. If any part of the product needs to be replaced for repair under this warranty policy, the customer will have to pay for that part. Note: Warranty violations include customer-induced damage, such as self-repairs, broken display, bending, scratch, dent, burn, soaked or liquid damage, root or manual update, and failure to comply with product manual, etc.
How do I check if my product has a seller or brand warranty? If your product is eligible for a seller warranty it will be indicated as “local seller warranty” on the product detail page. To claim a seller warranty, you can contact the seller through the product page or you can also contact the seller through the contact details mentioned on the invoice. If your product is eligible for the brand warranty it will be indicated as “brand warranty” on the product detail page. For brand warranty, refer to https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/help/brand-contact-details?spm=a2a0e.12026498.1651736270.28.121f400anno7ND&hybrid=1. Note: For device-related issues after usage or the expiration of the return window, seller warranty or brand warranty could be given by the seller or brand.
My product is under warranty but I did not receive a warranty card? If you're having problems with missing warranty cards, you can find the warranty details in the manual Book that certain companies supply. Because certain Company provide warranties on their instruction manuals. Also, customer may obtain a replacement warranty card from the date of purchase by simply presenting the Daraz Order Number to the brand in the event of any warranty-related issue.
How can I get my product serviced? If your product is within the warranty duration and malfunctions during normal usage, you do not have to worry about the repairing cost. If your product has passed the warranty duration, or is physically damaged, or violates a warranty condition as set out by the manufacturer, you will be responsible for the repair cost. We suggest you repair the product at the service center authorized by the manufacturer for better quality services.
Why is my status "Your refund has been approved" when I haven't received the amount? When you see the order status "Your refund has been approved," it indicates that Daraz has processed the refund. To determine the timeframe for receiving the refund, please review your payment method's refund timeline. If the expected timeline has been exceeded, please contact our live chat for assistance in expediting the refund process.
What are the reasons of my failure to receive my Easypaisa refund? Easypaisa's account is disabled/blacklisted. The customer changed the mobile number on the Easypaisa side. Easypaisa wallet user reached max balance limit. Note: Please make sure that you are not experiencing those mentioned above. issue during the refund procedure.
What are the refund timelines? After the return process is completed and the status of your refund is "Refunded", the following timelines are followed. kc-oss-1707809090325-Slide1.png
Does Daraz refund shipping fee? If the order is canceled. If the order delivery attempt is Failed by the courier. 1- Damaged, defective 2- Expired item 3- Incorrect 4- Not as advertised 5- Counterfeit item 6- Incorrect size 7- Missing items 8- Freebies or accessories 9- Change of mind (if applicable).
What is Daraz's refund policy? Refund against Return orders: the refund is processed if your return claim is deemed valid. Refund against Cancelled orders: Refund is automatically triggered once the cancellation has been successfully processed. Failed Delivery: In case of a failed delivery, It takes 10 working days to return the item to the seller. Once the item is delivered to the seller then your order status will get updated as "Refunded" and you will follow the below refund timeline. kc-oss-1707809090325-Slide1.png
What are the conditions for a voucher refund? System side cancellation Sourcing delay Failed delivery Refunded orders If the order was cancelled from the customer side. Promotional vouchers Campaign vouchers and Seller Vouchers
Affiliate Marketing in Pakistan Terms and Conditions (the “Agr eement”) shall constitute an Agreement between you (“You” or “Affiliate”) and the Company, for the registration and appointment of the Affiliate to provide the Company with Promotion of the Channels. The Affiliate and the Company shall collectively be referred to as the “Parties” and individually as the “Party”.
The Affiliate must read, agree to, and accept all of the terms and provisions contained in this Agreement, by clicking “I Accept” button, and the Parties hereby agree, acknowledge and accept that clicking such button shall instantly form a valid, effective and legally binding agreement for good consideration between the Parties.
This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement of both the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersede all prior oral and written commitments, understandings, and communications between the Parties regarding such matter. The Company may, at its sole discretion, amend the Agreement, from time to time, by providing the revised version(s) of the same to the Affiliate in writing, at the sole discretion of the Company, without being required to give any prior notice to the Affiliate. Any continued performance of its obligations under this Agreement, by the Affiliate after the revised Agreement has come into effect shall be deemed as the Affiliate’s consent to such revised Agreement.
WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the provision of advertising services and Affiliate is willing and able to provide promotional services and content of the Channels to Customers, for the Company, for the purpose of increasing the user traffic on those Channels. The Company now engages the Affiliate, and the Affiliate accepts such engagement, to perform the Promotion of the Channels in the Territory on the terms and conditions specified herein. 1. DEFINITIONS
1.1 Advertising Material shall mean any advertising materials provided by the Company to the Affiliate, to be published by the Affiliate on the Affiliate’s Accounts solely for the purposes of conducting the Promotion of the Channels, in accordance with the terms and conditions herein.
1.2 “Affiliate” or “You” shall have the meaning given to the term in the Preamble above (i.e. the first Party named above, who shall be engaged for the purpose of, and authorized by the Company to promote the Channels on the terms and conditions of this Agreement).
“Affiliate’s Account” shall mean all advertising and/or promotion-capable medias utilized by the Affiliate, including without limitation websites, applications, social media accounts, emails, audiovisual media channels (whether digital or traditional), newsletters, Affiliate networks' sub affiliates, their owned and brokered medias, to publish the Advertising Materials for the Promotional of the Channels, in accordance with the terms hereunder.
1.4 “Agreement” shall have the meaning given to the term in the Preamble above (i.e. these Affiliate Terms and Conditions).
1.5 “Channels” shall mean the online marketplace operating under the style and name of ‘Daraz’, through collectively through the (1) mobile application of the same name and (2) the web portals located at
1.6 “Chargeback” shall mean a charge that is returned to a Customer’s payment card (whether a debit, credit, or charge card as the case may be) after the Customer successfully disputes an item on their card’s account statement or transactions report with that Customer’s bank.
1.7 “Click” shall mean a Customer’s click on a Hyperlink provided by the Affiliate, which routes that Customer directly to the Channel(s).
1.10 “Company” shall mean Jade-e-Services Pakistan (Private) Limited, a company established under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at 18th Floor Sky Tower (A), Dolmen City, HC-3, Block-4, Scheme-5, Clifton, Karachi.
1.13 “Hyperlink” shall mean a link provided to the Affiliate by the Company, to the Channel (or a specific Product listing on the Channel) in the form of an exact URL, to be published by the Affiliate in the Affiliate’s Accounts, which identifies the Affiliate whenever a Customer Clicks on it.
1.14 “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.
1.15 “Invoice” shall mean the monthly invoice issued by the Company, on behalf of the Affiliate which specifies the Commissions that accrued in favour of the Affiliate in the preceding calendar month, minus any applicable deductions.
1.16 “Net Sales” shall mean sales revenue received by the Company for the sale of any Product to the Customer which involves the (1) Customer’s Click of a Hyperlink; and/or (2) input of a Voucher Code at checkout on the Channel; and where such sale is not directly or indirectly caused by a Commission Exemption; minus all the corresponding applied discounts (whether through Voucher Code, or otherwise applied by the seller of the Product or the Company at checkout).
1.17 “Product” shall mean any product(s) listed for sale by third party sellers on the Company’s Channels.
1.18 “Promotion” shall have the meaning given to the term in Clause 2.1 hereunder. a charge that is returned to a Customer’s payment card (whether a debit, credit, or charge card as the case may be) after the Customer successfully disputes an item on their card’s account statement or transactions report with that Customer’s bank.
1.19 “Returns and Refunds Policy” shall mean the applicable Company policies which govern the procedure for returns and refunds of Products by Customers on the relevant Channels located at Returns and Refunds Policy of Pakistan.
2.1 The Company appoints the Affiliate as its Channel promotion affiliate for the Territory, wherein the Affiliate shall conduct Promotions for the Channels for the Affiliate’s followers, subscribers, and/or any person visiting the Affiliate’s website(s) and/or social media accounts (“Customers”), as well as publish the Advertising Materials of the Affiliate’s Accounts to induce them to visit and use the Channels (“Promotion”).
2.2 Affiliate shall only conduct the Promotion of the Channels to Customers within the Territory, except as otherwise approved in writing by Company.
2.3 The Channels within the Territory will be covered non-exclusively by Affiliate, and the Company is free to engage other affiliates to provide similar services to the Promotion with the Territory.
3.1 In consideration for the Affiliate’s performance of its obligations and as good and valuable consideration, the Company shall to pay to the Affiliate, a commission on the Net Sales in the Territory, at such rates as shall be specified in writing and notified by the Company to the Affiliate, from time to time (“Commission”). The Commission is inclusive of VAT, where applicable, and shall be subject to levy and deduction of all applicable taxes (including without limitation withholding taxes and VAT). The rate(s) applicable to the Commission may be revised at any time at the sole discretion of the Company, subject to prior written notice being provided to the Affiliate to such change.
3.2 The Parties hereby agree, acknowledge and confirm that Commission shall not be payable against Net Sales of any Products (a) which were subsequently returned and/or refunded in accordance with the Company’s Returns & Refunds Policy; (b) against which there was a Chargeback; (c) which were part of a transaction against which any form of fraudulent activity has been suspected or found by the Company, (d) where the order transaction was cancelled by the Customer after placing it; (e) where the Customer purchased the Product with the intention of reselling it; and (f) where the order was linked to the Affiliate’s conduct of any of the prohibited actions specified in Clause 7.6.1-7.6.15 hereunder (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Commission Exemptions”) .
3.3 Commission payments together with the Invoice shall be issued and published on or about the 1st of each calendar month of the Term, for the Commission accrued in favor of the Affiliate in the preceding calendar month. Commission against the Net Sales of a Product shall accrue in favor of the Affiliate in the calendar month that the refund/return window of a purchased Product has elapsed for its corresponding Customer, as per the Returns and Refunds Policy, and provided the no Commission Exemptions have occurred against such Product. Commission payments against an Invoice shall be payable by the Company to the Affiliate on or before the 15th day of the calendar month in which that Invoice was issued (subject to the provisions of Clause 3.3.2 hereunder). Commission payments shall be made in Pakistan Rupees (PKR).
3.3.1 The Parties hereby agree, acknowledge and confirm that once an Invoice has been issued, the Affiliate cannot request any changes to the contents or form of such Invoice, for any reason whatsoever. If the Affiliate wishes to contest the contents of the Invoice, they may only do so to challenge any perceived discrepancies, under the provisions of Clause 3.5.1 and 3.5.2 hereunder (if applicable).
3.3.2 The Company reserves the right to withhold any Commission payments under an Invoice, where the aggregate Commission due and payable under such Invoice is less than the PKR equivalent of USD 25 (at the prevailing exchange rate). In such event, the Company shall carry over the accrued Commission onto the Invoice for the following calendar month, and pay the same out only once the total Commission due on a subsequent Invoice crosses the PKR equivalent of USD 25 (at the prevailing exchange rate).
3.4.2 For Commissions paid against a previous Invoice, for a Product against which a Commission Exemption under Clause 3.2 (b), (c), (e), or (f) occurred after that corresponding Invoice was issued (or if the Company became aware of such Commission Exemption after the corresponding Invoice was issued);
3.4.3 For any applicable withholding taxes (including VAT if applicable) that the Company is required to withhold as per the law;
3.4.4 For Commissions which are linked to any breach of the Affiliates obligations or representations under this Agreement;
3.4.5 For any processing fees and/or bank charges incurred by Company with respect to the transferring the relevant Commission payments to the Affiliate; and
3.5 The Company shall also provide the Affiliate with access to a dashboard on the Channel, which shall allow the Affiliate to view historical data on (a) how many times Customers have visited the Channels by Clicking the Hyperlink; (b) how many orders were placed by the Customers as a result of the Promotion; (c) how much sales revenue was generated to calculate the Net Sales; and (d) Customer conversion rates.
3.5.1 The Affiliate may reconcile Invoice against the data on this dashboard, and in the event the Affiliate finds a discrepancy which potentially indicates an error in calculation of Commissions on the Invoice, the Affiliate shall be entitled to raise a dispute, by notifying the Company in writing no later than 30 days after that Invoice is issued.
3.5.2 Where the Affiliate raises a dispute under Clause 3.5.1, the Company shall conclusively investigate the dispute to determine whether or not there is any merit to the dispute, and if so, the Company shall adjust the Commissions payable in favour of the Affiliate on the following Invoice. In the event no merit is found that dispute shall be resolved in favour of the Company. The Company’s calculation of Commission due as a result of such investigation shall be final and conclusive for determination of disputes raised under Clause 3.5.1.
4.1 In performance of its obligations under the Agreement, the Affiliate shall not quote any prices, terms, conditions, deals, offers, competitions, campaigns, nor lotteries for any of the Products on the Channels, other than those expressly specified in writing by the Company. Any prices, terms, conditions, deals, offers, competitions, campaigns, and lotteries for the Products are to be established solely by the Company, with immediate effect.
4.2.1 that tracking and reporting on the Channels, of orders, Clicks, and sales of Products through the Hyperlink and Voucher Code in conducted by the Company, by which a cookie is dropped on the Customer’s browser to track transaction back to the Affiliate and by which the device ID is used to track transactions generated from the Channels.
4.2.2 The Company credits a sale of the Product to the Affiliate, if the Affiliate is in the last position of the Click chain preceding the purchase of that Product by the Customer.
4.2.3 Cookies dropped for the purpose of order tracking of Products by Customers under Clause 4.2.1 shall be valid and available for 7 days thereafter.
All orders for any Products on the Channels are subject to acceptance or rejection by an authorized officer of Company at its home office and to the approval of the Company's credit department. The Company shall be not be obligated to accept any orders from the Customers and may reject such orders in its whole and sole discretion, with no liability towards the Affiliate for such rejections. 5. RELATIONSHIP OF COMPANY AND AFFILIATE
5.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute Affiliate as the partner, joint venture, employee, or agent of the Company nor shall either Party have any authority to bind the other in any respect, it being intended that each shall remain an independent contractor responsible only for its own actions.
5.2 The Company and Affiliate agree that during the Term of the Agreement, and any renewal thereof and for a one (01) year period following termination/expiration of the Agreement, neither Party shall hire or engage or attempt to hire or engage an employee of the other or an independent representative under contract with the other Party, without first obtaining prior written approval from the other Party. Both Parties agree that the loss of such employee or independent representative would result in irreparable harm and grants to the other Party the right to seek damages and an injunction in a court of equity or other competent authority to enforce its rights hereunder. 6. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
6.1 Unless otherwise specified in the Agreement, all information exchanged during the course of the Agreement (“Confidential Information”) shall be regarded as confidential between the Parties and shall not be disclosed to any unauthorized person or used by the recipient other than for the purpose to which it relates. Any authorized disclosure to another person(s) shall be on the same terms as to confidentiality as contained in this clause. Parties hereby agree to make available Confidential Information only to those of their employees who need to have access to it for the purposes of this Agreement and to obligate such employees correspondingly to the extent legally permissible.
6.2 If, for the purposes of this Agreement, a Party discloses any Confidential Information to its employees, it shall notify such employees of the confidential nature thereof and make all necessary efforts and take all precautions to bind such employees to keep the Confidential Information strictly confidential.
6.3 During and after the tenure of this Agreement if any Confidential Information is received by a Party under or by virtue of this Agreement the same shall be maintained in the strictest of confidence and trust.
a. To comply with the mandatory provisions of applicable law or the rules of any recognised jurisdiction;
6.5 The obligation of confidentiality and limited use shall survive termination of this Agreement and continue even after the termination or expiry of this Agreement.
7.1 The Affiliate shall ensure that all individual representatives, personnel, staff of the Affiliate that are involved in the Affiliate’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement, have the requisite access to any equipment and amenities required to enable the Affiliate to perform its obligations under this Agreement (and that the Company shall not be responsible for providing the same). The Affiliate will diligently devote its time and efforts towards the selling of the Products.
7.2 The Affiliate shall conduct all of its performance of its obligations under this Agreement, in its own name and in such manner as it may see fit. The Affiliate shall pay all expenses of its office and activities and will be responsible for the acts and expenses of its personnel/staff/representatives.
7.3 The Affiliate shall not, without the Company’s prior written approval, make any representations or guarantees concerning the Products or accept the return of, or make any allowance for such Products.
7.5.2 it will not, by virtue of entering into and performing this Agreement, be in violation of any contractual obligation it owes to a third party or the Company under any other agreement, or any term or provision of any judgment or decree to which it is a party or by which it is bound, nor under any contractual or legal obligation which shall supercede any of the Affiliate’s obligations under this Agreement;
7.5.3 the performance by the Affiliate of the Promotion of the Channels required under this Agreement does not and will not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation or any intellectual property right of a third party;
7.5.4 it will not use in the performance of its responsibilities under this Agreement any confidential information or trade secrets or intellectual property of another person or entity without the appropriate license, authorization, permit or consent;
7.5.5 it is skilled in the professional calling necessary to perform the Promotion of the Channels and its duties and obligations contained herein;
7.5.6 it shall perform the Promotion of the Channels in conformance to and consistent with applicable law and the standards generally recognized as being employed by professionals in the same discipline on an international level in an engagement of similar scope, complexity and duration;
7.6.1 display any links, materials, or other Company-related content on any website or application that contains any pornographic, hate-related, graphic, violent or illegal content, or any content that promotes discrimination based on race, ethnicity, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
7.6.2 bid for any search engine placement/optimization/marketing using the term “Daraz”, “daraz.com”, “Shop”, “shop.com” or any variation or misspelling of the terms “Daraz” or “Shop”.
7.6.3 display any Company-related content on any website, that in any way disparages the Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries or their products or services or infringes on any of the Company’s intellectual property or other rights.
7.6.4 duplicate, copy, reverse-engineer, edit, modify, truncate, or change the Company’s cookies and/or tracking links in any way.
7.6.5 Cause, encourage, or endorse any transactions to be made with the Company that are not in good faith.
7.6.6 Conduct any activities associated with the Promotion of the Channels that are in any way unethical and/or illegal and/or designed to mislead the Customers.
7.6.7 indulge in any activities that could, in the Company’s judgment, reflect poorly on the Company (and/or the Company’s affiliate businesses, partners and associated undertakings) or otherwise disparage or devalue Company’s reputation or goodwill, or create any confusion amongst Customers between Daraz and any third party.
7.6.8 include any intellectual property of the Company or its affiliates, or a variant or misspelling of such intellectual property, in any domain name, subdomain name, or in any username, group name, email address, or social network identifier, or unauthorizedly use and/or tamper the Company’s name (or any variant or misspelling thereof), Intellectual Property Rights in any manner whatsoever.
7.6.9 Utilize any Company Content to update or create the Affiliate’s own database of business listings information or use the to build an email list for the Affiliate’s own (or any third party’s) commercial purposes.
7.6.10 create, disclose, or sell any information or metrics about, or perform any statistical analysis of the Company’s content.
7.6.12 cause any software to be downloaded or installed on a Customer’s systems, without that Customer’s prior affirmative consent.
7.6.13 not set any cookies unless the Advertising Materials are in visible use on that Affiliate Account and allows the Customer to specifically and consciously Click on the same. The Affiliate shall not use layers, add-ons, iFrames, pop-up, pop-under, site-under, Auto-redirect advertisements which automatically redirect the Customer to Advertiser websites without the Customer’s engagement or action (e.g. click, touch), cookie dropping, postview technology, misleading advertisements that result in misleading Clicks that display expected content, shall not be permitted and are strictly prohibited.
7.6.14 not purchase any Products from any Channels through the Promotion, nor through using a Hyperlink, nor through use of any Voucher Codes linked to the Promotion under this Agreement. Furthermore, no Commission shall be payable on any Net Sales generated through violation of this Clause 7.6.14, and any such violations shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.
7.6.15 not intentionally or negligently cause (whether directly or indirectly) any Products from any Channels through the Promotion, to be purchased by businesses and/or resellers (i.e. any third party that purchases a Product with the intention of reselling the same further). Furthermore, no Commission shall be payable on any Net Sales generated through violation of this Clause 7.6.15, and any such violations shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. 8. COMPANY RESPONSIBILITIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.
8.1 The Company shall be solely responsible for the ensuring the display, and supply of the Products, and the sellers listing the Products on the Channels shall be responsible for the design, development, production, and performance of its Products and the protection of its trade names. The Company’s aggregate liability towards the Affiliate under this Agreement, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise shall not exceed the amount of aggregate Commission paid to the Affiliate in the 6 months preceding such claim.
8.2 The Company shall not, under any circumstances, be liable for any disruptions, unavailability, glitches, downtime or delays in functionality of its Channels, nor does the Company guarantee, represent or warrant in any way that the Channels shall function free of the same.
8.3 The Company shall not, under any circumstances, be liable to the Affiliate for any special, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary, or indirect costs or damages, including, but not limited to, litigation costs, installation and removal costs, or loss of data, production, profit, or business opportunities.
The Parties hereby agree, acknowledge and affirm that the Company and its licensors retain all right, title, and interest in and to all Intellectual Property Rights related in and to the Channels and the Advertising Materials. The logos and names are trademarks of the Company and are registered in certain jurisdictions. All other Product names, brand names, marks, logos, and symbols on the Channels may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, nothing in the Agreement confers any license or ownership to the Affiliate or any third party, under any of Company’s or any third party’s Intellectual Property Rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. 10. INDEMNIFICATION.
The Affiliate shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company, and its directors, officers, employees, representatives, and agents (each an “Indemnified Party”) from any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, losses, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and all related costs and expenses) arising from or relating to any claim, suit, proceeding, demand, or action brought by the Affiliate or any third party against an Indemnified Party relating to: (a) publishing and/or use of the Advertising Material in any unauthorized manner, or tampering them or any part thereof; (b) the Affiliate’s failure to comply with the Agreement; (c) Affiliate’s failure to comply with applicable law(s) and/or regulation(s); (d) Affiliate’s negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud; and (e) defamation, libel, violation of privacy rights, unfair competition, or infringement of Intellectual Property Rights or allegations thereof to the extent caused by the Affiliate. 11. TERM AND TERMINATION.
11.1 This Agreement shall come into full force and effect upon the Affiliate’s acceptance of this Agreement in the manner prescribed hereinabove, and shall continue to remain valid and in force, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement (“Term”). 11.2 Upon the termination of this Agreement, a final accounting shall be made between the Parties. Company shall maintain an accurate set of books and records regarding Commissions due to Affiliate following the termination of this Agreement. Following termination, the Company shall be entitled to withhold Commissions accrued up to the effective date of termination for a reasonable period after said Commissions become due and payable, to ensure all corresponding Commission Exemptions have been accounted for prior to paying said Commission. 11.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, the Affiliate is entitled to Commissions on all orders solicited prior to the effective date of termination/expiration (which are not subsequently returned/refunded), regardless of when the Company accepts, invoices, or ships such orders. Affiliate shall return, within thirty (30) days of termination all Advertising Materials, as well as any other property of Company that the Affiliate is holding. 11.4.1 In the event that either Party shall commit an act of bankruptcy or file a voluntary petition for bankruptcy, or be declared bankrupt in an involuntary proceeding, or file for a plan under any Bankruptcy Act, or place its affairs in the hand of a receiver, or enter into a composition for the benefit of creditors, or perform any other act based upon or due to its inadequate credit position, then the other part to the Agreement may terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice of termination to the other Party. 11.4.2 Save for the provisions under Clause 11.4.4 hereunder, should either Party be in material breach of its obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement, then the other Party may terminate this Agreement by giving 7 days advance written notice of termination to the other Party setting forth the material breach upon which the termination is based. However, after receiving such notice, the Party receiving same shall have 7 days to cure the alleged breach. If such breach is cured, then the termination notice shall stand withdrawn, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 11.4.3 By either Party, without cause, by serving the other Party a 15-day written notice of termination to the other Party specifying the effective date of such termination therein. 11.4.4 By Company, with immediate effect upon serving a written notice of termination to the Affiliate, in the event that the Merchant is found, in the absolute discretion and sole opinion of the Company, to have committed any fraudulent activity whatsoever, in pursuance of the Affiliate’s obligations under this Agreement. 11.4.5 By mutual agreement of the Parties in writing specifying the effective date of termination. 12. ASSIGNMENT
This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Affiliate, at any time or for any purpose whatsoever, without the Company’s express written consent to such assignment. 13. WAIVER
The waiver by either Party of a right, default, or breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other Party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent right, default, or breach. 14. MODIFICATIONS
Each Party shall, without further consideration, execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments and perform all such other and further actions as may be necessary or reasonably requested in order to carry out the purposes and intents of this Agreement. 15. FURTHER ACTIONS
Each Party shall, without further consideration, execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments and perform all such other and further actions as may be necessary or reasonably requested in order to carry out the purposes and intents of this Agreement. 16. APPLICABLE LAW
This Agreement and any question concerning its validity, construction or performance shall be governed by the laws of the Pakistan, irrespective of the place of execution, or the order in which the signatures of the Parties are affixed or the place or places of performance. 17. SEVERABILITY.
The unenforceability (or the modification necessary to conform with such law and public policy) of any part of this Agreement shall not be deemed to render unenforceable any other part of this Agreement. If any part of this Agreement shall be decided to be invalid or unenforceable in any action or proceeding in which Affiliate or Company are parties, then such part shall be deemed deleted or amended, as the case may be, from the Agreement in order to render the remainder of this Agreement valid and enforceable. Any such deletion or amendment shall apply only where the court rendering the same has jurisdiction.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding and Agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. There has been, is and will be, no representation, covenant, or undertaking other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement. Each Party hereby acknowledges and represents that in executing and entering into this Agreement, no other party nor any agent, attorney or other representative of any Party has made any promise, representation, warranty, covenant, warning or inducement whatsoever, express or implied, except as contained in this Agreement. Each Party acknowledges and represents that he has read and understands this Agreement, and each and every provision and term of this Agreement. 19. PARAGRAPH HEADINGS.
All headings set for in this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning, construction, or effect of this Agreement or of any of the provisions thereof. 20. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
The Parties agree that any disputes or questions arising hereunder including the construction or application of this Agreement shall first be attempted to be amicably settled by the senior management of the Parties within 15 days of one Party notifying the other Party of such dispute in writing. If the Parties cannot reach an amicable settlement of such dispute within 15 days, then the matter shall be referred to mandatory and binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the Arbitration Act, 1940 of Pakistan in force, and that the arbitration hearings shall be held in Karachi, Pakistan, in the English language, presided over by a single arbitrator. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Parties both as to law and to fact and shall not be appealable to any court in any jurisdiction. The Parties shall share the expenses of the arbitration equally, unless the arbitrator determines that the expenses shall be otherwise assessed. 21. ATTORNEY’S FEES.
If suit or action is instituted in connection with any controversy arising out of this Agreement or an enforcement of any right hereunder, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover, in addition to costs, such sums as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorney’s fees, including fees on any appeal. 22. NOTICES.
Any notice to be given or served upon any Party to this Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt in the event of personal service by actual delivery (including by telecopy or delivery service); (ii) upon posting if deposited in the local post office with proper postage and dispatched by certified mail; or (iii) upon receipt if notice is given otherwise than by personal service or by certified mail. Notices may also be transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail, provided that proper arrangements are made in advance to facilitate such communications and provide for their security and verification.