What are non-compliance points? We at Daraz follow a certain set of protocols that we expect our sellers to follow. If a seller fails to comply with the provided set of policies and guidelines, they receive non-compliance points. These points reflect negatively on the Seller Scorecard.
What is the category restriction policy? Daraz restricts the sale of certain categories on its platform. Please go through the list below to learn about our restricted categories, the reason for the restriction, and how you can sell items within these categories on Daraz. Categories other than these are open for listing without any restrictions involved. You may get the authorization letter from the respective brand owner or distributor with their stamp on it as proof that they are allowing you to sell the products of their brand on Daraz's website. You may get the FBR registration certificate (in case of your own brand). Check Category Restriction Policy and Certificate Example You may get the dealership letter/certificate (in case of a specific brand) from the respective dealer as a proof that they are allowing you to sell the products of their brand on Daraz's website. Once you have provided any of the relevant documents, your documentation will subsequently be reviewed for approval by Daraz in due course.
What are the guidelines for product photography? Tips For Good Product Photography Though there are different variations about how to photograph items for each category, the basics remain the same. The purpose of these tips is to teach sellers how to create product images that attract customers Clear & high-quality images Light or well-contrasted background Adequate lighting & high visibility Details are shown clearly Multiple angles of the product shown The background should be white What To Avoid In Product Photography? There are certain points that sellers must keep in mind and avoid doing when it comes to product photography The quality of your images will define the first interaction, the perceived value of your products, and your brand’s image with customers Do’s Take clear, high-quality photos Photograph your product against a light background such as white, grey, light blue, etc. Make sure there adequate lighting and product details are visible Show your product through multiple angles  and sides Don’ts Take low quality or blurry photos Have a distracting background either color-wise and by design Take photos that are too dark for the  details to be visible Only take photos from one angle or from a  wrong focal point that does not showcase  the product properly
Under what circumstances will my products be locked? Prohibited Product Counterfeit Product Product Duplication Incorrectly tagged product categories Misleading Product Products with bad customer feedback
What is shipping rate policy? Shipping fees are the charges received by Daraz to ship items to a buyer. For every order that is delivered, Daraz charges a certain amount from the customer as the shipping fee. However if the actual shipping fee is different than the estimated shipping fee due to incorrect weight or dimensions, then seller might be penalized with the difference in amount. Shipping Fee is calculated according to either the physical weight of the product or the volumetric weight of the product, whichever is greater, however, shipping fee also varies based on seller-origin city, customer's destination city and delivery type (express or standard). Check Rate Cards It is important to fill in the correct weight and dimensions of your product. However if the actual shipping fee is different than the estimated shipping fee due to incorrect weight or dimensions, then seller might be penalized with the difference in amount
What are the guidelines for product title? Tips For Writing Product Titles Product titles create the first impression about a product, as it’s the first thing customers see. Having the right product title raises discoverability, puts the products in front of more customers, and results in more sales. Paying close attention to basic content like product titles is an integral step in selling kc-oss-1700477890366-image.png How To Write Product Titles? When writing a product title, it is important for the seller to keep all the before mentioned tips in mind Though there are different categories with varying products available at Daraz, the format to be followed for the title is similar A perfect product title follows a proper naming convention and offers only useful information such as brand name, model, specifications, color, etc. Keep in mind to mention details that are relevant to the type of product Do’s Write a short product title but make sure it  has adequate details Mention product name, brand, and distinguishing features Distinguish your items from other nearly identical products Mention only necessary information Don’ts Write a title too short or too long with  inadequate details Mention irreverent keywords to increase  search results Make confusing and poorly formatted product titles Mention product description in the title
What is the difference between a product lock and product deactivation? Product deactivation and Product Lock are imposed on breach of any given guidelines and policy. Product deactivated means that the product is inactive. Only active products appear in the store. Inactive products have no visibility. To reactivate the deactivated product, contact us. Product lock means it can not be edited. To lift the product lock, you will need to contact us.
Under what circumstances will my products be deactivated? Product with contact information Fake Discounts Keyword spam in product details
What is Daraz’s policy regarding counterfeit products? Daraz has a zero-tolerance policy for counterfeit products. Sellers can only have genuine products on their shop. Selling fake products is illegal and strictly not allowed on the platform. If you are reselling a brand, make sure to research their policies regarding the matter and have adequate paperwork (brand authorization). At Daraz, our goal is to build trust and confidence in our customers when they shop on our platform. This policy outlines the principles sellers must abide by regarding Intellectual Property (IP) infringement and the consequences that follow. What is Intellectual Property Infringement? Intellectual property (IP) refers to creations of the mind, such as inventions; literary and artistic works, designs, symbols, brand names, logos and images etc. A violation of an intellectual property right refers to IP infringement because similar to real property, intellectual property owners are granted exclusive rights and can enforce/sue upon these rights. Counterfeit Products Items that are fakes or unauthorized replicas of real products. These cause confusion as they bear such similarities with real products that they are likely to deceive buyers into thinking they are made or sold by the original brand Trademark Infringement Trademarks are legally registered or established by use as representing a company, brand, or product such as logos, taglines, slogans, designs & images. Unauthorized use of a registered trademark or use of one which is identical or confusingly similar to a registered trademark is infringement. Copyright Infringement Copyright is the exclusive right that the owner of intellectual property has Unauthorized use of copyrighted material without permission (violation, piracy, or theft) is an infringement. Daraz does not allow any IP infringement. In doing so, we aim to protect customers from getting counterfeit or unauthorized goods as well as brand owners and rights holders from copyright or trademark violations. What are the consequences of IP Infringement? SKUs will be removed directly Issuance of up to 24 non-compliance points The shop will be deactivated if sellers continue to breach the policy Seller may be reported to legal authorities
What are the product guidelines and policies? Daraz has standardized Guidelines and Policies that all registered sellers must abide by Misleading Product Information - Sellers must provide an accurate description and correct details of their products. Counterfeit & Prohibited Products - No Seller will be allowed to sell counterfeit products or products not authorized to be sold on Daraz Consequences of Breaching Policy - If the sellers breach any Daraz Policy or Guidelines, they have to face the warning and penalties involved
How many non-compliance points will lead to account deactivation? If you receive 48 non-compliance points your store/account will be deactivated. kc-oss-1706178809930-image.png
What are the guidelines for good content? Content simply refers to the information you write about the product or service you are selling on Daraz. Content must be accurate and completed according to the format on the Seller Center – depending on your category. Basic guidelines are the same, however quite a few things differ category wise as shown below Fashion Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477519473-Fas.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Fashion There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the fashion category. It is wise to try - Shrugs will be tagged in sweaters & cardigans. - Abayas will be tagged in Muslim wear > outerwear - Ethnic Wear is a category for Indian dresses - Buttons, laces, etc. will go in DIY accessories & others - Organizers will be tagged in Makeup Bags & Organizers, not in Fashion - Sports apparel which will be tagged in sports and not in Fashion - Accessories – only Fashion belts, gloves, etc. will be approved - Hair Accessories – only buns, hair ties, clips, etc. - Baby bags will not be tagged in Fashion - Smart watches with sim slot, GSM supported sims are not allowed - Ring size is mandatory unless it’s adjustable - Unstitched or stitched clothes are to be strictly checked before going live to ensure they don’t belong to official sellers - Products with scribbled out brand names will be rejected Image Format Mandatory Images: At least 2 (Front and Back Pose along with a size chart) Lifestyle images are also acceptable - Image formats allowed: JPG, PNG, GIF - Image Dimensions: Best dimensions are 1000x1000 pixels but images in the range between 1000x1000 and 2000x2000 pixels are also acceptable - Maximum file size: 3 MB - First image should be the main image and the front view of your product - Background can either be white, off white, grey or ash Health & Beauty Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477546200-HB.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Health & Beauty There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the health & beauty category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Color should not be tagged as Random - For fragrances, provide volume (ML) - Contact lenses: Power and package image is a must - Electric hair removal tools such as trimmers, shavers, wax heaters, etc. Must have the power input in content - Hair Removal Tools for Women will go in Hair Removal (Bath & Body), Hair Removal Accessories & Hair Removal Appliances (Beauty Tools) - Hair Removal Tools for Men will be tagged in Shaving & Grooming - Hair Styling Appliances is for straighteners, curlers, etc. and “Hair Styling” is for styling sprays and creams - All men’s products will go in Men’s care - High-end Makeup products such as ABH, Kylie, Mac, Tarte and Huda Beauty are all those brands that cost more than 5000Pkr. The miniature items like small pallets, lip colors cost less. (Around 3500) - Make sure to use the correct brand names and match them with the product you’re selling Baby, Toys & Kids Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477575350-BK.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Baby, Toys & Kids There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in Baby, Toys & Kids category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Color should not be tagged as Random - Battery operated should be mentioned (e.g. Remote Controlled Toy) - Battery requirement should be mentioned (e.g. 2AA batteries required) - Age limit for toys should be specified (e.g. for ages 3 and above) - Check tagging of items in Mother care and Baby care child categories - There is a separate sub-category for remote controlled toys - Die-cast cars are tiny toy cars that have a separate sub-category - Legos is a separate brand of toy blocks. Product is considered a replica if brand is tagged as Legos, however the image depicts a different name on the box and price varies from original brand Home & Living Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477595526-HL.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Home & Living There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Home & Living category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Ensure tagging is done up to the child category - Specify material, color, price, package weight, and warranty of mattress, furniture and electronic items should be mentioned - Differentiate between items that are cookware, bakeware and cooking utensils - Differentiate between Kitchen storage items and other furniture storage - Differentiate between lighting bulbs & lights, outdoor lights and decorative wall & ceiling lights Appliances Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477613396-AC.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Appliances Guidelines There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Appliances category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Specify Power outage - Mention length of warranty for appliance items - Mention the region where appliance can be used (e.g. USA/UK) - There are separate sub- categories for manual and automatic juicers - Differentiate between blenders and grinders - Differentiate between the various types of vacuums and tag in the proper child category - Product is considered a replica if brand is tagged as Black & Decker, however the image depicts a different name on the box and the price varies from the original brand TVs, Audio & Cameras Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477632114-TV.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In TVs, Audio & Cameras There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in TVs, Audio & Cameras category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Specify the warranty and provide image of warranty card - Specify model numbers/codes of televisions and cameras - Mention screen size of television - Properly tag LED/Smart TV/UHD/3D television sets in the correct sub-category - Differentiate between Bluetooth Earphones and regular earphones Computing & Gaming Category Guidelines kc-oss-1700477653461-PC Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Computing & Gaming There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Computing & Gaming category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Refurbished or new laptops needs to be clearly mentioned - Differentiate between earphones, headphones and headsets by tagging earphones, headphones and headsets in the correct sub-categories - Properly tag gaming and regular mouse or keyboards in the correct sub- categories Video Games Guidelines kc-oss-1700477676760-Games.jpg Phone & Tablets Guidelines kc-oss-1700477693816-phones.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Phone & Tablets There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Phone & Tablets category. It is wise to try and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips; - Correctly specify megapixels of camera - Correctly specify micro sim or nano sim - Correctly specify single sim or dual sim feature on phone - Differentiate between smartphones and feature phones Phone & Tablet Accessories Guidelines kc-oss-1700477716987-Phone Accessories.jpg Sports & Fitness Guidelines kc-oss-1700477734131-Sports.jpg Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Sports & Fitness - Correctly label shipping weight for sports equipment and not the actual weight - Sports clothing should not be tagged in fashion category - Check items labelled as Nike, Adidas, Puma are genuine - because replicas will be rejected Content Not Allowed Mobile Fidget Spinners Walkie Talkies Weapons Antenna/Signal Boosters Drugs Daggers Signal Jammers NY Logo Caps PCB & PCL Merchandise
What are the guidelines for buyer-seller communication? 1.1. Sending inappropriate and unsolicited spam messages or emails to customers or other sellers. Spam is a message or part of a message that is both unsolicited and commercial in nature. Unsolicited means that the recipient did not request the message. Commercial in nature means that the message discusses, buying, selling, and/or trading of goods and services. Sending threats to customers or other sellers using any mode of communication i.e. phone calls, text messages, emails. Displaying immoral behavior when answering customer questions on the Question and Answer Section. Example “Product is not expensive, you are poor" Using profanities and/or hate speech on Daraz Platform in communicating with customers and/or other sellers. 2. Sellers are encouraged to “Report” the question instead of replying to a question that is rude and inappropriate in order to hide it from the Question and Answer Section. 3. All Sellers are prohibited from sharing their personal information /asking for contact details on the Product Review Platform and/or Question and Answer Section of Daraz Platform or Initiating Communication with Customers off of Daraz. Example of sharing personal information: “Contact me at zero three four five…” or "Visit my website www.abc.com" 4. All sellers are prohibited from communicating with Daraz customers outside of the Question & Answer and Product Review Platform. Sellers are not allowed to induce buyers to conduct offline transactions. Offline transactions are transactions that originate from the Daraz platform but are executed and completed outside of the Daraz platform. Sellers who are found and verified to have violated our platform rules, by inducing buyers to complete offline transactions, will be penalized. 5. All sellers are required to respond to buyers within the agreed time frame as part of all sellers’ commitment to being trustworthy and reliable. 6. Standard SLA to reply to a customer query will be within working hours. 7. Daraz is dedicated to creating a trusted platform, connecting sellers to buyers, that promises an amazing online experience. Daraz does not allow any sellers (or buyers) to deliberately create any form of an unhappy transaction, in any manner, for each party. 8. Self Promotion is prohibited: Sellers are not allowed to conduct fake conversations with intentions to increase their performance, in one way or another, on Daraz platform. Any seller who is found to have conducted fake conversations, or in a way or another collaborated with someone else to do it, to intentionally increase performance on Daraz will be penalized. 9. Sellers cannot under any circumstances ask the customer to cancel his/her order on their behalf since Daraz has a zero-tolerance policy against such buyer-seller interaction.
What are the multiple store guidelines? The multiple stores guidelines policy provides rules and regulations for individuals or businesses who want to operate more than one store on a platform. In order to provide a seamless seller and customer experience, Daraz discourages its sellers to operate with more than one shop. You are not allowed to run more than one shop on Daraz. For further information, please contact our Seller Support team. Guidelines Advisory Sellers are strongly advised to conduct themselves in a fair and professional manner on Daraz. We do not tolerate compliance violations by sellers. Any seller who is found to have participated in any form of fair trade, seller behavior and product violations, Daraz will not hesitate to take further actions to maintain a trusted, reliable and a healthy eCommerce community. Penalty for Failing to Comply Sellers who fail to comply with the above rules may be issued up to 48 non-compliance points. This may result in an immediate deactivation of the seller. Appeal If sellers have received a notification for violation of policy, they can appeal by contacting our Seller Support teams. Check What are the guidelines for buyer-seller communication? Check What is fair trade policy?
How to calculate storage fee cost? In order to continue providing the best possible services to our sellers and considering the marketplace recovery, we have implemented storage fee charges for items stored on marketplace consignment (FBD) with effect from 1st February 2023. The limit for free days will be 60 days and you will not be charged storage fee for any item that is kept in our warehouse for less than 60 days. This means that any inventory with ageing of more than 60 days at the end of January 2023 will be charged a storage fee in the beginning of February 2023 as per applicable rate card. Please note this will be charged monthly for all items exceeding 60 days of ageing based on the stock at the last day of each month. The storage fee will be calculated based on the space occupied by the inventory in terms of cubic feet and the ageing of the inventory (days in the warehouse). This amount will be charged on a daily basis. Details of the cost (prior to any applicable taxes) are as below. kc-oss-1708419833410-image.png Note: The charges for Ageing bracket more than 150 days will be changed to Rs.100 cost per cubic feet (PKR) per day that will be applicable from January 2024.
What is fair trade policy? This Fair Trading Policy defines what are the fraudulent activities that sellers are not allowed to participate in. This is to inculcate professional and reliable seller behavior so that we can boost confidence and preserve the trust of shoppers for our platform. Any breach of Fair Trading Policy may result in the issuance of up to 48 non-compliance points leading to restrictions (including deactivation) to the seller's account. Check Fair Trade Policy Table Fraudulent Dealing The seller obtains payment by providing goods, services or logistics information that are false or inconsistent with the description of the product listing. Implementing fraudulent acts through third-party accounts Sending a phishing link or Trojan virus information in order to defraud other people Fraudulently using the name of Daraz and its affiliates or Daraz customer service Anti Competitive Behaviour Malicious order: refers to the seller's use of member accounts to place orders from other sellers, which affects the normal operation of other sellers, such as other sellers going out of stock Malicious evaluation: refers to the seller using a member account to place orders from other sellers, and then leaving bad reviews and ratings. Malicious Complaint: Seller A complains to the other sellers by himself or through a member account. The complaints of Seller A are completely baseless and intentions are to damage the goodwill of the sellers and attack the legitimate operations of the peer sellers. Listed below are examples of such behavior, but is not limited to the following scenarios A seller orders his/her own products to increase total order volume or increase flash sales ranking A seller orders his/her own products and submit positive reviews for their own products and/or to improve its rankings Examples of sellers abusing vouchers and/or subsidies include, but is not limited to the following scenarios Using illegal means to defraud the platform voucher, subsidies etc The seller violates the Daraz platform policies and illegally profits through other means Fulfillment Fraud Tracking Misrepresentation: Seller tries to change the tracking details mentioned on freight bill for any reason. For example, filling invalid Airway bill details that are unrelated to the order transaction. Misuse of Daraz Packaging: Daraz may also permanently delist a seller account if the seller is found using Daraz packaging for purposes other than shipping Daraz orders. Examples of these can be using Daraz packaging for transporting goods sold on other platforms, selling packaging material, etc. Sending Empty Parcels/ Unrelated Items Daraz is dedicated to providing all buyers and sellers with the best selection of goods and to creating an amazing customer and online shopping experience. We do not allow listings that violate the intellectual property rights of brands or other rights owners.
What is the payment cycle of Daraz? kc-oss-1706180374057-image.png If the order is received by the customer between the 1st to 7th of any month, the seller is paid by 5 working days from 7th If the order is received by the customer between the 8th to 14th of any month, the seller is paid by 5 working days from 14th In order to be eligible for payments, the Seller must always keep a copy of the signed airway bill (at least for 3 months) for products handed over to a Daraz certified shipping provider.
How to use the Seller Payout Calculator? Calculating your product payout has never been this easy! To help its sellers, Daraz has developed the 'Seller Payout Calculator.' You can quickly determine the possible compensation from selling a product on Daraz with this calculator. To get started, you must first download the 'Seller Payout Calculator Excel file and then go through the user guide in the reference material to learn how to use it. Q1.Is it possible to add more than one product to the Payout Calculator? Ans:Yes, you may add more than one product to an excel sheet and then calculate totals for all of them. Q2.What are the advantages of making use of a Seller Payout Calculator? Ans: You can simply calculate your product commission, taxes, and Daraz fees with the help of the Seller Payout Calculator. Q3.Can we use the Seller Payout Calculator to do Product Hunting? Ans: You can easily assess the profit produced by each product by adding different products to Payout Calculator; this is how you can readily judge which product to sell. Q4.What is the rationale behind the Seller Payout Calculator? Ans: The Seller Payout Calculator is used for business planning, and it allows you to keep track of your sales and profit.
How much will I be paid for my orders? The seller will be paid after deducting the following from all orders (prepaid or cash on delivery). Daraz Commission ( Depending on Commission Structure ) 1.75% Payment Fee (Subject to Provincial Taxes) Handling Fee per item (Applicable on all items except those sold by digital goods or items sold on SOF model) Items priced at PKR 1000 or less will have a handling fee of PKR 7. Items priced between PKR 1001 and PKR 2000 will have a handling fee of PKR 10. Items priced above PKR 2001 will have a handling fee of PKR 50. The purpose of this change is to maintain a sustainable platform for all sellers. We hope you will not face any difficulty in understanding this change. Penalties (If Applicable) Pickup Service Fee (if availed by sellers in cities with DEX Coverage). Charges are 120PKR per package for bulky items (8kg and above) and 30PKR for non-bulky pickup (less than 8kg). . Any other service fee (If Applicable)
Can I get my amount on any other financial channel? No, you can not get your payout on any other channel. Only an Inter-Bank Funds transfer is used to pay the seller. What should I do if I do not receive full payment? If you haven't received your payment, check your account statement in the seller center, you might have received any deduction due to the return of your item. If there isn’t any deduction then do contact our Care Champ via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) He will check the required details and will escalate the complaint if needed. To learn more about the account statement check Account Statements PK
What can be the reasons for late payments? Account Verification detail is not on the portal Account Number is incorrect Fraudulent activity Hold - Legal Name mismatch Seller placing Order from their own ID Seller Name changed Incorrect CNIC NTN number Negative Amount Rejected by Bank Dormant Account Hold- NBP/Bank of Khyber Bank Portal not working You may contact our care champ via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) for more details.
How to calculate the net payout? Net seller payout: Item price - Commission - Shipping fee - Payment fee - VAT kc-oss-1634199501665-2FA084E8-6490-4382-9183-FEEEF1B7A823.png Note: PKR 5 Handling Fee per item (Applicable on all items except those sold by digital goods or items sold on SOF model)
How do I apply for a Seller’s Financing? To apply for seller financing , log in to your seller center account and navigate to the seller financing section on the left side panel. Follow the application process and provide the necessary information and documentation as requested. kc-oss-1697928144964-Group 1986.png
What is the maximum Financing limit I can receive? The maximum financing limit available to you will depend on your GMV, Seller payout, AOV, Seller registered city, Seller Industry. It will be determined initially and be visible to you on the portal.
Who is eligible for the Daraz Seller Financing? GMV Seller payout AOV Seller registered city Seller Industry
Is this Financing Shariah compliant? Yes, this is a shariah compliant solution as confirmed by our lending partner.
Is there an interest rate on the Seller Financing? A financing service fee will be charged on the financing amount, details of the same will be displayed to you during the application process.
What are the repayment terms for seller Financing? Financing will be repaid in 4 equal weekly installments, directly deducted from your weekly payouts at Daraz. Details will be displayed to you in the financing application process.
What is a Daraz Seller Financing , and how does it work? Daraz Seller Financing is a working capital financing solution offered by Daraz in collaboration with its lending partner that allows eligible sellers easy and affordable access to financing based on their sales history and performance on our platform. It's designed to help sellers manage their cash flow and grow their businesses.
What happens if I miss a payment on my seller Financing? If the weekly instalment is missed due to insufficient seller payout based on his/her platform sales, then the due amount will be rolled over to the next weekly instalment. At the financing tenure end, if the full due amount is not cleared, then the financing will be in delinquency and Daraz will make an attempt to collect the due in subsequent weekly instalments for 30 more days. Missing a weekly payment will negatively impact your financing score on our platform. It's essential to ensure sufficient sales are being made regularly on the platform to enable smooth collection of due weekly instalments.
What are the different types of fees that daraz charges? Daraz charges the following fees upon delivery of a product to a customer for each order that is fulfilled by Sellers kc-oss-1709195201269-Seller Center graphics.jpg Note: PKR 5 Handling Fee per item (Applicable on all items except those sold by digital goods or items sold on SOF model) For all orders (prepaid or cash on delivery) the seller will be paid after the deduction of the above fees. Please check the link to know more about Daraz's payment policy.
What is the commission percentage for different categories? We are pleased to inform you that according to our annual review, we've revised our commission structure Go to the seller center. Go to Account and settings Click on the Profile. Go to the commission section. Search for the categories you want to look for on the search bar.
What is Sales Tax Withholding & how it is charge? 1. You are a Tier-1 Retailer AND not an active sales tax filer with FBR. OR 2. If your CNIC/NTN # is not updated/incorrect on Daraz A retailer operating as a unit of a national or international chain of stores; A retailer operating in an air-conditioned shopping mall, plaza, or center, excluding kiosks; A retailer whose cumulative electricity bill during the immediately preceding twelve consecutive months exceeds Rupees twelve hundred thousand; A wholesaler-cum-retailer, engaged in bulk import and supply of consumer goods on a wholesale basis to the retailers as well as on retail basis to the general body of the consumers” A retailer, whose shop measures one thousand square feet in area or more or two thousand square feet in area or more in the case of retailer of furniture; A retailer who has acquired the point of sale for accepting payment through debit or credit cards from banking companies or any other digital payment service provider authorized by State Bank of Pakistan; and Any other person or class of persons as prescribed by the Board. If you are an Active Taxpayer (Filer) this policy will not be applicable to you. Daraz will verify your ATL status every Monday for weekly payment deduction. Please register yourself as a taxpayer Please file your tax returns on time and ensure that your sales tax status is active Please contact our Seller Support System to update your CNIC/NTN number. What are the goods taxable at the Standard rate?The sales tax withholding of 1% under serial no. 8 of the Eleventh Schedule is applicable on all the taxable goods irrespective of the rates of sales tax applicable on such products (i.e. whether standard or reduced rate). How do I Calculate my 1% withholding? This can be calculated by applying 1% on the item price (Net of seller discount). Does this withholding of 1% apply to the individual sole proprietor? Yes, any person falls within the definition of Tier 1 Retailers. How should I register myself with FBR? Please register yourself as a taxpayer by following a simple step-by-step guide here. Will certificate/challan shall be provided against the seller’s name? The Sales Tax withheld from Inactive sellers cannot be adjusted as per law; Therefore, no challans/certificates are required to be issued. For more details, please check Tax Consultants or 1 percent Tax Withholding
When are financial penalties imposed & what is their fee structure? For the following undesired cases, see the financial penalties below. Sending a “wrong” item or a “counterfeit” item as opposed to what was advertised by the seller. Confirming the RTS status on an order but not fulfilling the same leading to order cancellation. If the product price is less than Rs. 3000 then the penalty charged is Rs. 500. If the product price is between Rs. 3000 to Rs. 10000 then the penalty charged is Rs. 800. If the product price is greater than Rs. 10000 then the penalty charged is Rs. 1500 If the seller continues to repeat this policy then he will be charged with the addition amount which is 10% of the total payout of the specific cycle. kc-oss-1707300145055-image.png Note: If a 'Returned Item' or 'Delivery Failed Item' is not returned back to the seller within 30 days from being shipped, the seller can file the claim for compensation.
How do I locate and read my account statement? Follow the below steps to export the account statement Step 1: Log in to your Seller Center with your registered ID & password Step 2: Go to the "Finance" tab and click on "Account Statements" Account Statement Explanation The Orders section captures all the transactions pertaining to delivered orders The Returned section captures all the transactions pertaining to returned or cancelled orders Claims & Others Services section captures all the transactions pertaining to other adjustments
How can I change my bank details? Seller Center > Account & Setting > Profile > General > Bank Account Fill in all required details and click on the Submit button. Once you update the account details on Seller Center then fill the Xform with the below details to forward your request to the concerned team. Chose A topic you want us to help you with - Select Payments Select your problem - Payments - Select Update bank details New Account Title New Account Number (IBAN only) New Bank Name New Branch Code Please explain what went wrong Attachment - Attach new cheque copy showing IBAN Click on Submit Note: Seller can use the details of Easypaisa and Jazz Cash accounts as they fall under the Microfinance Banking system. For Easypaisa sellers can share the IBAN mentioned in the Easypaisa account along with the account screenshot. For JazzCash sellers have first to link the account with Mobilink Microfinance Bank and after that, they can update the details in the seller center.
How do I view discounts in my account statement? Voucher Discounts Voucher Amount = unit price - paid price - voucher discount (if any) Bundle Discounts Bundle discounts can also be seen in the order exports data under the Bundle Discount column
How do I get my transaction Id? When you will export your account statement you will get the transaction id in your file . If there is still an issue you must contact our care center through live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) if you are looking for the transaction ID of your payment. Your request will be forwarded to the concerned team by our support team.
How do I extract my account statement? Go to the "Finance" tab Click on Account Statement. Select the time period for which you want the transaction report Click on Export and a pop-up will appear Click on Download
How can I get my tax certificate? You must get it externally by yourself. No tax certificate is provided by Daraz.
How to Check Ongoing Campaigns? Login to you Seller Center Account Click on Seller Tools > Campaign. Check the Mega/A+ Campaigns , Daily Sales, Special Promotions
How to connect with SIA chatbot? Go to Seller Help Center > Scroll down click on the Chat With Us Login to your Seller Center Account > Scroll down click on the Support
What is the 3.3 Grand Ramadan Campaign criteria? https://helpcenter.daraz.pk/page/knowledge?pageId=88&category=1000006082&knowledge=1000109528&language=en
How do I set up Quick Replies? If you want to improve your response rate, you can set up quick messages that you can send to Customers when they send in an inquiry. You can set up quick replies by accessing the settings Icon on the top left-hand corner of your Instant Messaging window and writing in your customized messages. You can select up to six quick replies.
What are the IM Chat Policies? Sellers are not allowed to redirect buyers to purchase from other websites out of Daraz. Sellers are not allowed to induce buyers to conduct offline transactions.Sellers are not allowed to send spam messages (a message that the recipient did not request for) to Daraz buyers via any communication space within or out of Daraz platform. Please refrain from using threatening language, profanities or hate speech in your communications with the buyer. Please do not exchange personal contact numbers, email addresses or web addresses(any external link) with the buyer. All sellers are required to respond to buyers within the agreed time frame as part of all sellers’ commitment to be trustworthy and reliable. Standard SLA to reply to a customer query will be within working hours. Self Promotion is prohibited: Sellers are not allowed to conduct fake conversations with intentions to increase their performance, in one way or another, on Daraz platform.
How to use Chat Broadcast? Access Chat Broadcast: You can easily access the Chat Broadcast feature from the Customer Engagement tab on the Seller Center Enable Chat Broadcast: Send a message to your buyers using Daraz Chat Personalized Communication: Customize your Chat Broadcast to send a personalized message to buyers and Send the message with a customized product name to let your buyers know exactly what you are selling View Performance: At the top of the Chat Broadcast main page, view the overall performance of the Chat Broadcast feature, keep a track of messages sent and received and monitor any actions taken by the customer in response to the Chat Broadcast Note: To disable Chat Broadcast Tool please fill this https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScN730VBi0aB8RHR8-R865q8wxaRj-8gVlLxYChSCXU1cSkOw/viewform
What are Objectives & Benefits of Chat Broadcast? To provide you with an easy tool to carry out retargeting and remarketing to your buyers Send automatic messages to specific target groups View the performance of the Chat Broadcast feature Reach out to buyers to promote your products Bring back old buyers Encourage buyers who have added products to cart to purchase them
What are Best Practices of Chat Broadcast? Use these practice while using Chat Broadcast Try sending messages between 8:00 AM-8:00 PM only Send a few messages per day to avoid disturbing sellers Use the dashboard to see the performance of your messages Don’t send same type of messages in a day
What is Chat Broadcast tool? Chat Broadcast is a new tool that will help you promote your store directly to customers and improve your overall selling experience. It will help you convert interested customers into guaranteed sales. Sellers can do this by sending customized automatic communications to selected sellers. You can Create custom lists of buyers Send automatic messages to customers on chat Create custom templates for these communications Check the performance of these communications
What is expected from you while answering customers questions? Respond or report every question within 24hrs. Only communicate product-related information. Do not use inappropriate language.
Where can I see the questions asked by the Customers? The seller can view and respond to the questions asked by the customers from the Message Center available on Seller Center’s Dashboard.
Why is it important to answer potential customer questions? It provides additional product information enabling your potential customers to make smarter shopping decisions. It increases your customer’s trust and will help you get a higher seller rating. It reduces the rejection rate and returns rate thanks to product knowledge.
What is the bundles return policy? Customers must return all bundle products in order for the return to be processed. Returns claims will not be accepted for incomplete bundles.
Why should I create bundles? Sellers can create bundles to differentiate their deals from competitors, especially in high-priced competitive categories It's a great opportunity to sell low-cost items as part of a bundle Bundles allow sellers to clear their inventory of whatever products they choose Additionally, bundles are a foolproof way to attract customers and increase conversion rate, sales and enhance overall performance.
What happens when I am out of stock? Your bundle will be automatically deactivated. To reactivate, please add stock and go to Seller Tools > Bundles to reactivate the bundle.
What is Product Bundling? Product bundling is offering several products for sale as one package or product. Sellers sell a package or set of goods for a lower price than they would charge if the customer bought all of them seperately. The bundle then attracts customers who would normally not buy the products without the bundle.
How to cancel a bundle? Visit to the Seller Center > Seller Tools > Select bundles from the Seller Tools List > Deactivate the bundle.
In my promotions list, what does "status" mean? Active means that a particular bundle is live on your store while deactivated means not live.
What are the types of Product Bundling? Note: Only one type of bundle feature can be activated at a single time for a particular SKU. You must deactivate one bundle feature for that SKU in order to reactivate another. Bundles: Quantity A form of promotion that offers a special discount when a customer purchases multiple quantities. A seller can sell numerous items of the same SKU at a lower price than if they were purchased separately. Bundles: Buy 1 Get 1 Free A common form of sales promotion also known as two for one whilst the cost per item is proportionately cheaper than if bought on its own, it is not actually half price. Bundles: Free Gift Free gift bundle is a type of promotion where the customer gets a listed product at a 100% discount on the purchase of a specific product Gifts are a great way to attract customers. Bundles: Combo A promotion where different products are sold together as a set with one or more items at discounted prices Products with high views and sales mix with less popular products. Check Guide to Creating Product Bundles
What is the Eligibility Criteria for customizing product? All products should be custom-made on the seller’s store OR at least 50% of the products are custom-made. Minimum 5 customs products should be there if a seller is selling only custom made products
What are the Benefits of Product Customization? Match Customer Demand Increase sales and competitive edge Customer engagement Build brand loyalty Gain market research
How to Register for Custom-Made Products? Your shop must be registered with Daraz Platform Contact our support team https://psc-alimebot.daraz.pk/intl/index.htm?from=LRFMr3gdWf Raise a Request to change the status of your shop with custom-made products Submit the required documentation and then your request will be proceeded
What are Custom-Made Products? Customized products are unique and built-to-order. Customers can modify and select the features of a product like the design, color and other specifications. Custom T-Shirt & sweatshirts (design/color/size) Custom phone cases Customized Furniture
What happens when one of my products goes out of stock? The Seller Center will automatically deactivate a product when it is out of stock. The Seller is obliged to maintain inventory of all Products featured on the Platform and update its true inventory through the Seller Center on a daily basis. In the event that the Seller reasonably anticipates that any Products sold on the Platform may go out of stock, it shall immediately update the inventory information in the Seller Center. If an out of stock Product is shown as in stock on the Platform due to the Seller’s inability to update the correct inventory information for that Product on the Seller Center and a Customer places an order for the Product, the order may be cancelled and the Seller may be penalized for breaching Platform Policies.
How can I manage my stock for a single product? To manage and update stock for a single product; Log into Seller Center with your registered ID & password → Select the Products tab → Click on Manage Products On the Product Overview page you can see all the products that you have listed As you take the cursor close to the Available column, you will see a small pencil icon towards the right indicating that you can edit this Change the stock quantity and click Done Check Price and stock update (single product)
How to update the price of a SKU? Log in to the Seller Center from your registered account. Click on 'Product' and select the 'Manage Products' Click on 'Pencil' next to the price Update the 'Price' in the pop-up window Click on 'Update' to update the price. The price of the selected product will be updated. Check Price and stock update (single product)
How can I manage my stock if it is in bulk? Log into Seller Center with your registered ID & password → Select the Products tab → Click on Manage Products On the Product Overview page, click on the Import tab, A popup window will appear where you will see the Download Templates section Click on Stock Once you click stock, click on Download, Open this downloaded file to find all your SKUs along with their product names and quantities available to sell on Daraz Update the stock quantity of SKUs you wish to update Save this file On the Product Overview page, click on the Import tab Upload the excel file with your edited stocks Click Done Note: If your file has been successfully uploaded, you will see a green tick in the Import History tab If the file did not successfully upload, you will see a red cross. In this case, download the error report and make the correct changes as identified in the error report, and then re-upload. Check Bulk Upload Products
How can I download an order report? Follow these steps to download an order report. Step 1: Login to the seller center. Go to ‘Orders & Reviews’ Tab, Click on ‘Manage Orders’ Step 2: You will arrive at the ‘Orders Overview’ Page. Go to the relevant tab and export orders. Go to the ‘Pending’ Tab---> Go to ‘Export’--->Click on ‘Export all orders’ or ‘Export all pending orders’ as per your requirement Step 3: Download the Export File Choose the file, Click on Download Step 4: Once the exported file is downloaded in CSV format, use “Open Office calc” to open the file. Note: In the same way, you can download order reports for any tab whether; ‘Pending’, ‘Ready to Ship’, ‘Shipped’, ‘Completed’. Ensure that the correct tab is selected before you export. You can also choose the period for which you want to download the reports.
How will you be notified about your orders? You will be notified through an Email notification and App notification every time you receive orders.
What should I do if a customer wants to cancel his order? If a customer orders by mistake or for any other reason, the customer requests to cancel the order. Please instruct the customer to take the steps provided below in the steps. kc-oss-1698299728236-How to cancel the order.png Note: Daraz’s cancellation policy states that a customer can cancel his order from his Daraz account before the order is shipped out from Daraz’s warehouse or has been dispatched by the seller. If you have marked your order as shipped then you can take a screenshot of the conversation and contact us via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday)
What will happen if I cancel my orders due to any reason? Daraz monitors cancellations very closely as it has a negative impact on customer satisfaction. If your cancellation rate exceeds 2% during a given week, your shop will be taken offline and the shop will then only be reactivated after taking operational excellence training and following Daraz operation standards. kc-oss-1708586384046-image.png
Why does Failed Delivery Occur and how will I be notified about it? Courier (3PL) issues Unreachable customer - E.g: incomplete address, unreachable contact number Item damaged by the courier Item lost by courier System issue The delivery time took too long Please follow the steps below to view delivery failed orders. Go to the Seller Center → Manage Orders → Select Failed Delivery.
What do “ready to ship” and “shipped” mean? kc-oss-1706172581697-image.png You have selected 'Ready to Ship' You have printed the relevant documents including picklist (manifest), shipping label, and invoice. Your items are properly packed and are ready to be handed over to Daraz for delivery to the customer. The status of an order changes to “shipped” as soon as it is handed over to Daraz.
How do I change the status of an order to RTS? To mark your order as Ready to Ship, please follow the steps below. Log in Seller Center from registered Id Select Manage Order from the dropdown menu under Order & Reviews. Pending Ready to Ship Shipped Completed (Delivered, Cancelled, Returned, & Failed Delivery) Click on Pending, to view your pending orders Order No. Customer Name Product Seller SKU Payment Start Date - End Date You will see all of the pending order information; if you want to see more information, select the "+" option. Click on Ready to Ship A screen will appear, requesting the invoice number. Sellers can import all orders or all pending orders by selecting from the drop down options They can also update all pending orders through a template, a sample can be download if needed You just need to fill the tracking number and upload through CSV Drop down options are available in the template - delivery type & Shipping provider Seller can RTS through the Action section Once you click on RTS, a pop up will appear Sellers can create an invoice number & click to save invoice ID The invoice will be saved to your list of orders on the Orders Overview Page
How to manage orders? On the homepage of ASC, sellers can easily review their whole performance. Seller rating is also based on his performance on doing Shipped time & Cancellation rate. According to SLA order PENDING to SHIPPED should be done within 48 hours. Sellers can also see their order limit / daily limit to receive orders. How do I RTS my order When a seller will click on the Manage Order tab following tabs will be shown; All Pending Ready To Ship (RTS) Shipped Delivered Cancelled Returned Failed Delivery Refund Only When a seller will click on the Manage Order tab it will land on Pending Orders where the seller can see all his pending orders. The seller can then go to the “Actions” tab. As a seller they will have an option to do RTS, as soon as the seller will click RTS a pop up will appear to select a Delivery Provider. How to “Ship” an order? After you RTS an order, the next step is to mark it “Shipped” Once the orders are on RTS, the seller will dispatch the order after putting the Invoice on the parcel Make sure all the orders have a unique tracking number All orders are timely shipped within the SLA How to “Complete” order? Status falls under complete Delivered Canceled Returned Failed Delivery Refund Only
How to create an outbound order? Step 1: Click on the Inventory Tab → Return from Warehouse You can now see all your existing OO’s and their status Step 2: Click on Create New OO (to withdraw your items from Daraz Warehouse and get them back) Outbound Order Form When you click on Create New OO, an Outbound Order form will open in front of you. Fill in the required details. Basic Information 1. Warehouse: Select the Daraz Warehouse where your products are being stored 2. Inventory Type: Select whether the inventory is good or defective 3. Delivery Type: Select Seller Pickup 4. Estimated Time: Input the time when you want to pick up your products from the Daraz Warehouse Seller Information 1. Warehouse: Select your warehouse Once the warehouse is selected, the next fields will be automatically populated 2. Contact Name: Input your contact name 3. Mobile Number: Input a contact number Adding SKUs 1. Add SKU: Click on Add SKU to add SKUs to your Outbound Order 2: Select the products you want to retrieve and click on confirm 3: Input the quantity of each SKU that you want to retrieve from the Daraz Warehouse 4: Click on Submit The Daraz Team will review your order and accept or reject your outbound request which can take up to 48 hours You can view the status of your OO by accessing the Return to Warehouse tab under Inventory You can also click on Print (Action) to print out a copy of the Outbound Order
How to create an inbound order? Step 1: Click on the Products Tab, In the Product Tab, click on Manage Platform Products Step 3: From the list of Platform products click on Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) SKU under the action tab to convert Platform products to Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products Your products are now ready to be added to your Inbound order so that they may be sent to Daraz Warehouse Step 4: Click on the Inventory Tab → Send to Warehouse You can now see all your existing IO’s and their status Step 5: Click on Create New IO Inbound Order Form Basic Information 1. Inbound Warehouse: Select the Daraz Warehouse where you want your products to be stored 2. Reference Order Number: You may fill in the reference order number, received from your supplier (Non-compulsory) 3. Delivery Type: Select Drop Off 4. Estimated Time: Input the time when you want to drop off your products to the Daraz Warehouse Seller Information Warehouse 1. Warehouse: Select your warehouse Adding SKUs 1. Add SKU: Click on Add SKU to add products to your Inbound Order 2: Select the products you want to add and click on confirm 3: Input the quantity of each SKU you want to send to the Daraz Warehouse 4: Click on Submit The Daraz Team will review your order and accept or reject your inbound request as per their guidelines – which can take up to 48 hours You can view the status of your IO by accessing the Send to Warehouse tab under Inventory You can also click on Print (Action) to print out a copy of the Inbound Order
How to access Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) portal and dashboard? To Access the Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Portal Log in to the Seller Center with your registered login ID & Password Click on the Products Tab, and then click on Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) By clicking on theFulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) option, you will be redirected to the Daraz Supply Chain Management Portal Please note: If you are unable to find the option of Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) in the products tab, immediately reach out to Daraz Seller Support and get the issue resolved DASHBOARDS You will now land on the Daraz Supply Chain Management portal On the Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) homepage, you will be able to view various dashboards that will provide you with key data about your Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products and the business derived from these products The Dashboards includes Open Inbound Order: View the number of Inbound Orders that are approved or accepted but yet to be inbounded at Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Center SKUs below Minimum Alert Threshold: View the  number of SKUs at Daraz Warehouse that have low stock-set by the seller as per his requirement Send to Warehouse: View the status of the Inbound Orders which have been received by Daraz Warehouse Customer Orders: View the number of orders received on only your Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products The trend of Customer Orders: View the performance of your Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Products on a day to day basis. Return from Warehouse: View the status of your Outbound Orders Announcements: View the latest announcements related to Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified)
How to get register for Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products? With Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified), you only have to manage your seller account, raise an Inbound order, and send your inventory to the Daraz warehouse. We store your inventory, pick and pack your orders, ship your item for you, conduct QCC, and also manage all returns. Step 1: Visit Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) option in the Products tab on your Seller Center Step 2:Create an IO (Inbound Order) by clicking on “Send to Warehouse” option under the label of Inventory Step 3: Transfer Platform SKUs to the verified SKUs Step 4: Enter basic details related to the consignment and seller account Step 5: Upon entering the details, you’ll be assigned drop off time by Daraz Representative Step 6: Deliver your products to Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Centers and enjoy the hassle free process of selling on Daraz
What is Fulfillment by Daraz? The “Fulfillment by Daraz” badge is a sign of reliability, safety and trust for the product. products are either shipped directly from Daraz Warehouses or from exclusively selected trusted sellers. Fulfillment by Daraz products are easily identifiable via the 'Fulfillment by Daraz tag under the product image or the 'Fulfillment by Daraz' notification under the delivery section of the product page. Wondering what are the benefits of buying through Fulfillment by Daraz? 1. Safety and Trust Fulfillment by Daraz Products are either shipped from Daraz warehouses or from trusted sellers who are frequently evaluated and monitored to guarantee safety of the products sold. 2. Reliable Each Fulfillment by Daraz Products is shipped with safe and secure packaging to limit the possibility of mishap during the delivery process.
What is the Eligibility Criteria for Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products? Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) is a facility that is available for only selected categories. In order to meet the eligibility criteria for Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified), sellers must have the following number of items sold under the categories mentioned in the table below. The categories and the number of items sold mentioned in the table are subject to change every month. If have reached these criteria, then the Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) team will contact you over email. Check Minimum Sales for Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Eligibility Table
What happens when my product under Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) gets returned? The return process with Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) doesn’t change. The only difference is that when Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products are returned, Daraz manages them and restocks returned products that are in good condition for future sales.
What is the cost for using Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified)? The cost per cubic feet per day for each item will increase as your item ages in the warehouse. Please refer to the table below to view ageing charges per day per item per cubic feet. kc-oss-1708500436110-image.png If the inventory has been placed in the warehouse for more than 60 days, then on the 61st to 90th day, the seller will have to pay PKR 4.2 per cubic feet per item. From the 91st day to 120th the cost per cost per cubic feet per item would be PKR 5.8 and if the item exceeds 120 days, then on the 121st to 150th day the cost per item per cubic feet would be PKR 8.3. If the item exceeds more than 180 days, it will be scrapped. Note: The charges for ageing bracket More than 150 days will be changed to Rs 100 cost per cubic feet (PKR) per day that will be applicable from January 2024.
What is Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) storage policy? kc-oss-1708501974768-Untitled-1.png kc-oss-1708502137524-image.png kc-oss-1708502190783-image.png kc-oss-1708502214097-image.png
How does it benefit the seller? INCREASE REVENUE Sellers that are a part of Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) enjoy higher onsite visibility, dedicated search filters and boosted search results. Sellers can focus on content, marketing and price management while Daraz processes orders efficiently. Enhanced visibility coupled with timely order processing and faster delivery lead to higher sales FASTER DELIVERY AND GREATER CUSTOMER SATISFACTION Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) offers overall faster deliveries with an average of 1 day reduction in delivery time leading to higher delivery success rates. Secure packaging at time of order processing ensures minimal damages and returns SAVES COST & TIME No storage charges are taken for the first 60 days of the items being kept in Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Centers. Even after 60 days the charges are very low compared to storage rates in the market. Additionally, you save on fixed cost like rent or labor. There is also no packaging cost as Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) handles that for the seller. As Daraz handles all packaging for the orders, the sellers avoid all hassle and can rest easy that their orders will be dispatched to customers safely and on time FLEXIBILITY Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) means that there’s no infrastructure and operational constraints to grow your sales – just send Daraz your stock and we will handle the rest. Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) provides an opportunity for Sellers to have stock in multiple Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) centers across the Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) network and there is no minimum limit for the number of products you can send to our Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) centers. You can also create outbound orders and get your products back at anytime BETTER SERVICE LEVEL Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) provides quality packaging for all products – ensuring protection of your products during delivery. Since products are stored in Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) Centers, our team keeps a regular check on stock numbers reducing the chances of out-of-stock cancellations. This results in an overall increase in your seller rating. You can have real time visibility on your stock level through the DSCM portal EASIER RETURN MANAGEMENT The entire return or exchange process can be a true hassle for sellers from receiving returns and failed deliveries to coordinating with 3PL partners. However, being part of Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) means that Daraz handles both your returns and failed deliveries. Let us manage your end to end supply chain! For more info check Introduction to Fulfillment by Daraz
What are the Terms and Condition for Fulfillment by Daraz-(Daraz verified) products? Terms & Conditions If any product is eligible for any particular month, it is not necessary it will remain eligible for the next or upcoming months. Once an item has been inbounded, anything that does not sell and is in the warehouse for more than 60 days, needs to be outbounded. Sellers can check the timeline of their products from the ASC Portal. If the products remain at the warehouse for more than 60 days, then Daraz will send a reminder to the sellers to outbound their products within a dedicated time period. In the case where sellers fail to outbound within the deadline, then their products will be removed from the warehouse. If the product recieved at the warehouse is not as per the PDP(Product Display Page) i.,e. Color, Weight, Dimensions, Pictures of Product supply & Leaked/Damaged, defective etc. then it will be marked as a defective product and ineligible for sale.
Is there a limit for Daraz warehouse stock keeping? 1. Top Selling 2. Latest 3. Highly Rated Items that have broken seals Items that have dented bodies Items with inaccurate and misleading labels items that are not present in the IO Order Bundle items that are not in the same packaging (boxes)
What is new for the Small Brand process? At Daraz, sellers can use a brand value only if they pass our authenticity verification. Verified sellers are featured on Daraz Mall, dedicated to authentic brands. Those who choose not to verify or fail the verification will be labeled as 'No Brand' in product listings. How do I know that my Brand verified If you have never opted for Daraz Mall during your time at Daraz, you can choose to do so on your homepage on the seller center. When you opt for Daraz Mall, you will be prompted to submit brand names and relevant documentation. After you have submitted, your brand will be reviewed and if successful, you will be able to use the brand name in product listing! For more details you can visithere. You can register a brand and use it in product listing through the following ways 1. Brand Management Page Go to the Brand Management tab on the Seller Center and fill out the form with the required documentation to submit your brand request. 2. Product Listing Page Go to the Add Products tab under Manage Products in Seller Center to add the relevant information and submit your brand request. Please Note: When you register a brand and it is approved, your current assortment will be made inactive. For up to 7 days, you can edit your listings with the brand value(s) you have registered and re-list. Remember! If you have a non-branded assortment or non-verified assortment, it cannot be hosted on DarazMall. Attempting to upload such an assortment against a misleading brand will result in compliance actions.
What is considered a Branded and a Non-Branded Product on Daraz? A brand is a distinctive name representing a product or a group of products with strong brand equity, protected by a trademark or proof of authentic sourcing. An example would be Apple, which represents a group of products ranging from phones, headphones, and laptops with clear branding on the said product. It will be allowed to be used for product listing if the seller can prove trademark ownership, distribution rights, or authentic sourcing via invoices/receipts. A product or group of products with no verified distinctive name representing it is considered Non-Branded or “No Brand” on Daraz. This can happen if the product in question is not branded or if the brand has not been verified to prove ownership or authentic sourcing. A No Brand product would be one with no clear brand name or no proof of authenticity i.e. an Apple iPhone can be tagged to No Brand if the seller is unable to provide a trademark registration or an invoice to show where the product was purchased.
How can I register my brand via social media? To register your brand on social media, you must fulfill the following requirements Have an authentic brand name and logo. Your branded packaging should be visible on your profile (where applicable). Minimum 10K followers, at least 100 posts, and at least 5 positive customer reviews.
Where can I get my returned/ delivery failed items? Customer Returned Items: It will be delivered on the seller return address Delivery failed Items: If it is drop-off module , seller has to collect it from the drop-off location and if it is a pick-up module then it will be delivered on the Seller address
Will I be notified if customer initiates a return for my product? Yes! you will be notified via email when a customer initiates a return against any of your products.
How do I track my return orders? If a customer submits a return request for an order, the seller is notified via SMS and Email. From the seller center, the seller can also track his return orders. Seller Center > Order & Reviews > Manage Orders > Returned
What can be the reasons for returned items? The following are the most common reasons for returns kc-oss-1708937095240-image.png
What should I do if I do not get my return parcel? Within 30 days of the Transit to Ship date, you will receive the returned/delivery failed item. If you have not received the returned/delivery failed item with in 30 days, you will have 15 days after 30 days to file a claim To file a claim, you must complete the claim form. kc-oss-1623229527410-image.png
In the event of an "incorrect return," will my penalty be reversed? Yes! In case of “incorrect return”, you have to file the claim with all proofs and details against that returned item. Our team will investigate your claim and if your claim found valid, the penalty amount will be reverted. It will reflect in the next payment cycle. Note: Your scorecard will be not be adjusted in the penalty claim instead seller has to file a new claim under QRR scorecard adjustment category
How does the claim process work? If you find any discrepancy in the package/item you have received versus what you handed us over, you shall log a claim via our claims form only. In all the cases of claims, you must fill in all the fields to provide complete information and submit pictures of the product as a proof. Please note: It is important to accurately fill the Contact Us form to file a claim along with all its mandatory fields with proof because Submissions with incomplete information will be considered as invalid claims. kc-oss-1708588394707-image 252.png
Will I be informed if the claim is approved or rejected? Yes, our team will inform you via email or call if your claim is accepted or rejected.
When will I receive my refund if my claim is approved? Once the concerned team has determined that the claim is valid and reasonable, it will be escalated to billing to complete the payout. Within the next 2 of your payment cycles, your refund will be adjusted.
What is the seller claims policy? The seller claims are compensation against the loss of a seller in which the seller files a dispute for not receiving or receiving damaged/incorrect/missing items/components in the parcel. We further, investigate it according to our policies and guidelines and if we found a dispute valid then we compensate the seller for the loss. We also deal with the "QRR scorecard adjustments" related issues when our seller faces it on the "returned" status of the seller center. General Guidelines All packages returned to the sellers’ doorstep are to be accepted in all cases, do not reject the parcel at the doorstep. If the seller finds any discrepancy in the package/item they have received versus what they handed over, they should log a claim via the claims form only. In all the cases of claims, the seller must fill in all the fields to provide complete information and submit pictures of the product as proof Resolution time for claim processing by daraz All claims made by sellers through the claim form within the desired timeline will have a target resolution time of 5 business days (However, the resolution varies and depends on the case scenario). The seller will be compensated for all the disputed items in cases where Daraz or the customer has been found at fault. Negotiation clause, for items with packaging damaged and the items which are repairable or in used condition, returned after 30 days and items in resalable conditions, the claim amount will be negotiated and daraz will bear the damage cost to compensate the sellers. Mention the receiving date on POD along with the comments (if there is anything wrong with the item). Daraz is not liable to compensate the sellers in the following scenarios kc-oss-1623157034089-image.png Note: Financial payouts or reimbursements (if any) will be made to the seller in the 2 billing cycle after the claim has been resolved.
What should I do to make my claim strong? These guidelines will help you to make your claim strong and fruitful. It is mandatory to file a claim within 5 business days after receiving the returned/delivery failed item. Claim to be raised for an item that has not been received back for more than 30 days since the handover to Daraz / logistics partners (transit to shipped date). The claim form in this scenario should be filed within 30-45 days from the handover date to Daraz / logistics partners (transit to shipped date). Any claim which is submitted after the specified time duration will not be entertained. Claims for penalties on your shop must be raised within 2 payment cycles from the date the penalty is charged. While filling the claim form, select the correct claim reason. Fill in all necessary fields with accurate data. If there is any issue with return/delivery failed parcel mention the receiving date on POD along with the comments (if there is anything wrong with the item)., as this can make your claim more strong Attach proofs, which might be document (invoice), a processing/dispatching and return footage, with different dimensional images , clear shipping label images. Note: Always Demand POD from the rider
How do I file the claim form? To fill out the claim form, follow these steps Step 1: Select "Seller Type" Step 3: Select the claim reason. Now, you must choose a claim reason; for example, we will use "Damaged item received" as our claim reason. After you’ve decided the claim reason, you can go through the information and guidelines. Step 4: Fill in all the details accurately Order Number SKU Item ID Quantity of SKU Return Received Date Damage Type What is damaged? Attachments Once all fields have been filled, click Submit. The seller will be contacted through email when their claim has been submitted successfully and will be given a case number to follow up on the matter. If Seller Support accepts the claim, it will be forwarded to the concerned team for further verification and justification. The claim will be escalated to billing to complete the payout once the concerned team has determined that it is valid and reasonable.
Where do I find the claim form? These are two ways to reach claim form. At the bottom of the seller help center homepage, you'll discover a claim option The Seller Claims form can also be found in the Seller Support Center. Seller Support is located in the top bar, and Seller Claims is located in the drop-down menu. Seller support center > seller support > seller claims
What are the claim reasons & guidelines? Please be informed that we have made an addition to Seller Claim Policies. Any item having multiple components must be packed together as one package, with a single shipping label, For instance, in the case of an air conditioners, both the indoor and outdoor units need to be packed as one unit. as multiple packages with the same shipping label may lead to packages being lost, and the seller would have to bear the loss. Important Tips Sellers must reconcile outstanding packages (item marked in shipped or handed over, returned, delivery failed) every 15 days to make sure that they are able to process a claim as per the standard time duration specified for seller claims. Make sure to check order statuses regularly to keep track of all delivered, handed over and returned items. You must check your account statement to keep track of the amount you receive on your claim submitted against a particular order. Note: It is important to accurately fill the Seller Claim form and all its mandatory fields within the standard time duration (i.e., 5 working days) along with proof. Claims submitted with incomplete information or after the deadline will be considered/deemed as an invalid claim.
What is Daraz Advertising Solution and how does it benefits sellers? DAS ( Daraz Advertising Solution ) is a new feature in which seller can boost his products on Daraz Website for better visibility and revenue, It is a prepaid which sellers have to buy the credits in advance Benefits of Sponsored Search Tap into millions of searches buyers make daily on the Daraz platform Search marketing tool drives awareness and conversion from buyers with specific purchase intent Bid on relrevant keywords to appear on priority slots in Search Results page and pay only for clicks
How to maintain your Product Rank? The Product Rank is a combination of bid and promotes product quality. A higher product quality means a better product position (i.e. closer to the top of the search results page). Bid price, which is the highest amount that sellers are willing to pay for a click on their promoted product. The higher the bid price, the higher the product rank. Quality score, which measures the relevancy of the product to the chosen keyword. Other factors include the shopper’s search query and interest in Daraz, general product sales and click history, seller rating, and product title details on PDP
How to Create a Campaign? Under Advertising menu on the left, select Campaign Management Click on the create new campaign button available on the campaign management screen. On the Product Selection Screen: Select the products you want to bid for this campaign. A max of 50 products can be selected. You can view the performance for the products on this screen as well to decide which products to boost on search. On the Keyword Selection Screen: Select the keywords for each product. A suggested bid price would also be shown to benchmark the bids. Add the bids for each selected keyword (has to be above the floor price) Relevance will be shown for each keyword as well against the product along with other performance metrics. On the Review screen: Review the details of the campaign on this screen and make sure all information has been configured correctly. After that, click on the finish button and save the campaign.
How to check Performance Report for DAS? Login to Seller Center > Click on Advertising > Click on Performance Report For Real-time Report: This can be viewed on a campaign, promoted products or keyword level as well. It will show the performance of the ads + the spends and CPC for the campaign. The graph will visualize the information on a hourly trend. Past performance of the campaigns ran Performance of the products and keywords on a historical level on a 30 day attribution window. Performance metrics against each campaign, product, keywords such as ad spend, impressions, clicks, Add to carts, GMV etc. Partner can also filter out or export the information.
How to check Account statement for DAS? Login to your seller account > go to Finance > Account Statement See the current available credits in the account and promo balance Check Monthly Spend on Ads Transaction History Breakdown and Invoices Add more credits to use for Ads
How to Sign up For Daraz Advertising Solution - DAS? Once you login, click on the “Marketing Solutions” tab in bar on the left and select “Product Ads”. Select your daily Budget After that, you can click on Start! button to continue. This will bring you to the details part where you will just have to provide any missing info. Once done, click on Submit. Note: You can choose to either create your campaign or do it later. Check How to Create a Campaign? to build your first campaign!
What is the Product Quality Index (PQI)? The Product Quality Index (PQI) is a measure we calculate every week to gauge the quality of the products you list on Daraz. If your PQI score is high then it means there are quality-related issues with your product that you need to resolve.
How is the Product Quality Index (PQI) Measured? The product quality index considers factors like returns, refunds, buyer complaints, low ratings (below or equal to 3 stars), and poor-quality reviews. This allows us to look at your product performance from multiple angles. PQI = Returns to Merchant + ((Buyer Complaints + Bad Ratings + Poor Quality Reviews) * 60%) / Total Delivered Items kc-oss-1704710306626-image.png kc-oss-1704710357985-image.png kc-oss-1704710401202-image.png 1. For temporary delisting -Products with average rating > 4.2 will be excluded. 2. For permanent delisting - Products with 0 RTMs or average rating> 4.2 will be excluded.
How to create a Darazlive stream? Go on the Daraz App Search for the product you want to feature in the live stream Open the product display page Click on the heart icon The product is now added to your Wishlist. Let’s now go over how to create the live stream. Go to Daraz App & select Account Select Daraz Live under My Services Select Schedule Live on the bottom Fill in the following details Tap on Add Products Select the Product to add in live stream Select Advanced Settings, click Confirm & Submit Your stream is created and Under Review Tap on Go Live on your scheduled time Click on Start and you are live See what each feature can do by clicking on them Flash products by clicking on the icon next to the products
What is Daraz Live? DarazLive is a feature on the Daraz App that allows sellers to promote their products through a live video. DarazLive is a video-streaming feature that allows sellers to promote their products through live videos. This helps sellers gain more sales, create brand loyalty, and build their shopper community. Sellers can prepare for their live stream by having a good script, offering Vouchers, and using a mobile phone.
What types of content can I upload on Darazlive? You can upload four different types of content to darazlive. Episode Series Product Demonstrations Games/Super Shows Unboxing and Reviews
How does the boosting mechanism work? The boosting mechanism will be based on the performance of the SKU including sales, conversion rate, product reviews.
When will the boosting take affect after boosted on seller center? The refresh time is almost instant
What is instant messaging(IM) feature? Instant Messaging Feature is an exciting tool where sellers can interact with the customers on the platform offered by Daraz Sellers can attract customers to their store by making it easier for them to make a purchase decision. Chat Conversion Rate (CR) increases by almost 30% if the sellers reply or interact with potential customers. If the response time by the seller is less than 30 minutes, there can be an even greater increase in CR - up to 10.5%.
Can customers apply vouchers on bundled or discounted products? No, customers can only apply one voucher code per order.
How long does it take for a voucher to go live on the product display page? Once you create the voucher, it can be applied immediately on checkout. However, the display of the voucher code on your products might take up to 30 mins to display. If you do not see your voucher codes appearing on your products after 30 mins, please contact your Vendor Manager.
What are the benefits of creating seller vouchers? Benefits of Seller Vouchers Creating Seller Vouchers comes with its own set of benefits No upfront payment is required to issue the voucher Sellers only get charged when the customer uses the voucher Sellers enjoy flexible voucher mechanics Choose and control the amount of discount given, minimum spending for redemption and how many vouchers are issued on Daraz Seller Center
Which products to select for Seller Picks tool? New Products: Products that are newly released in the market or are new to Daraz Discounted Products: Products priced lower compared to the market price or discounted items on special offers Trending Products: Products that are hot in the market and high in demand or seasonal products.
How to optimize sales through instant messaging? Sales Optimization via Chat Upselling - Increasing Order Value Upselling helps build win-win scenarios which supports in building a relationship with customers If a customer asks you about a product, try to identify the reason behind their purchase and then persuade them to buy something additional You should also encourage them to buy higher-end products to boost your own sales Upselling - Increasing Basket Size Offer discounts and vouchers if the customer agrees to buy the complementary goods These recommendations also build trust and help in customer retention Cross-Selling – Increasing Order Numbers If a customer has inquired about an item that is not in your inventory, be sure to refer them to other items that fulfill the same needs Refer them to other items in your inventory and tell them why these items would suit their needs Do not be afraid to offer them vouchers and discounts as you are building a customer base and making a sell instead of returning a customer empty handed
What are the benefits of decorating your store? The Store Builder tool allows sellers to customize their store, which has a list of benefits kc-oss-1700562174439-sd.png
What is the Criteria and quota for "Seller Picks" tool? Eligibility For Seller Picks kc-oss-1700562348979-2.png Seller Picks – Criteria & Quota kc-oss-1700562365596-1.png
How to create seller vouchers? Step 1 Login to Daraz Seller Center. Go to the Seller Tools, click on Seller Voucher & Click on Add New Voucher Step 2 Fill out the Voucher Details by following these steps 1.Write a name for easy identification of your voucher 2.Select the time period during which you want your voucher to be active 3.In voucher type, select voucher code 4.Create a unique code for your voucher Fill out the Voucher Settings by following these steps 1.Select whether you want to offer a Money or Percentage Value voucher 2.Mention the percentage off 3.Mention the minimum order value for the voucher to be applicable 4.Mention the maximum discount you would like to offer 5.Mention the number of vouchers you want to issue 6.Mention how many vouchers a single customer can use 7.Choose whether you want to apply the voucher to shop or SKU 8.Select your product 9.Click Submit to create your voucher
What are seller vouchers & how do they work? Daraz provides its registered sellers a range of Seller Tools to help attract customers and increase sales. One of these tools is Seller Voucher, a promotion that allows sellers to create self-funded vouchers to drive sales. Sellers can issue vouchers at any time and any amount to suit their budget. kc-oss-1700554180390-image.png
Once all issued vouchers have been used, will my voucher be automatically deactivated? Yes, all vouchers will be deactivated once it reaches the end of time period selected or when the amount of redemption reaches the limit set. Upon deactivation, the code will no longer be shown to customer.
What is the Store Builder Tool & how to use it? Store Builder is a feature on Daraz Seller Center that allows sellers to decorate and brand their shop according to what they want By using the store builder tool, sellers can customize the layout of their store page by choosing the templates they desire to post on their online shop This includes selecting best-selling products they want to highlight on their store page upfront to attract customers Store Builder Interface Modules - My Pages Login to Seller Center and click on the store tab Here you can view how your store page will appear on the Daraz website View the layout of your store in Mobile App mode and Desktop mode Modules - Editor In Editor you can change the appearance of your store page as you like Modules - My Shop Categories List the categories of products that you are selling at your shop Modules - Others Sellers may Save their work version and modify it later. They can also Preview before they Publish Build the Mobile version of your shop, and then Apply to Desktop This makes it easier for customers to scroll through your shop whether they use a mobile or their PC
What is the "Seller Picks" tool and how does it work? Seller Picks is a free traffic booster for your products. It is designed to empower sellers to boost their products on search pages, improving visibility of those products and increasing their sales by up to 30%. Seller Picks is also a rewarding tool created by Daraz for high performing sellers in all categories. In order to be qualified for the tool, sellers will need to meet a certain criteria. kc-oss-1700561904734-image.png kc-oss-1700561961938-image.png
How to relist after being temporarily delisted? Upon being temporarily delisted a survey will subsequently be emailed to the seller on their Seller Center registered email address. Once completed, the seller will be relisted on the platform after 7 days of being delisted. The scorecard is updated every two weeks for all sellers. kc-oss-1632396644082-879064B7-1BF3-4e55-970B-F4B5F8400112.png After the execution of each cycle, emails will be sent to the seller's registered email address.
What is the Seller Scorecard? The scorecard is a way through which Daraz views sellers’ performance and helps them improve it accordingly to provide a better customer experience. The seller scorecard monitors the following factors to ensure optimal operational performance. kc-oss-1704181697060-23ew.jpg The table below explains the criteria and actions taken against each level for all the performance indicators mentioned above. kc-oss-1706516995664-Seller scorecard.png Seller order limits (DOL) and pending order limits (POL) are determined by performance. Strong performance increases DOL and POL by 50% of their current value, while poor performance reduces DOL and POL by 10% of the maximum orders in the last 15 days. New sellers will have their DOL set at 10 and POL set at 5 till they reach another scorecard level (as per the criteria given in the above table). For any seller to reach an unlimited level for the first time they have to have processed at least 15 orders. Upon being temporarily delisted a survey will subsequently be emailed to the seller on their Seller Center registered email address. Once completed, the seller will be relisted on the platform after 7 days of being delisted. If any seller was downgraded in QIR in the last 2 consecutive cycles then his shop will get temporarily delisted in the coming cycle. Note: A new seller will be permanently delisted once getting delisted three times due to out-of-stock cancellations. What Leads To Permanent Delisting and Consequent Actions kc-oss-1704183226360-image.png Extreme Poor Performance Criteria kc-oss-1704183932710-image.png kc-oss-1704183960311-image.png
What is Chat Response Time? It is the average of time you take to respond chat conversations received during working hours ( Seller Can Update their working hours from chat admin settings ) Chat conversations received on non-working hours will be excluded in Chat Response Time calculation It is calculated based on Chat conversations you replied in between 5 days ago to 11 days ago, e.g. the chat response time that you see on 8 July 2019 is based on the chat conversations you received in between 27 June to 3 July during working hour. kc-oss-1632401961011-60CE42BB-015D-4aa3-87B8-EC1CE5A7996E.png Calculating Chat Response Time kc-oss-1632402038275-F5094157-8239-4cb5-88F7-361D8AAF97CC.png On 1 July, your Chat Response Time = 29 min This mean from 11 days ago (20 June) to 5 days ago (26 June), you have replied 4 chat conversations & the total chat response time is 117 min so, 117 / 4 = 29 min
What are the financial penalties? Daraz priorities and values the well-being of its sellers and customers alike. To tackle the recent challenges of sellers inconsistently cancelling orders and dispatching expired or soon-to-expire products to customers, Daraz will implement a new financial penalty, starting from 1st March 2024. This penalty aims to encourage sellers to monitor their cancellation rates and product quality more closely, hence, enhancing the overall marketplace experience for both buyers and sellers. kc-oss-1707299641191-image.png We're introducing fines for sellers who cancel orders, covering all cancellations, even those made before orders are marked as ready to ship. The fines will vary based on the price range of the item, designed to streamline the process. Please refer to the detailed table below for more information. This adjustment aims to ensure a smoother experience for all sellers involved. Please refer to the table below for details kc-oss-1707299697937-image.pngIf any seller violates the policy, they will be charged fair penalties based on the price of the product and the severity of the violation. This policy will help sellers keep their Quality Issue Rate (QIR) low. Regarding weekly cancellations, there are no changes, and the same penalty amount of Rs 200 will continue to apply.
How does three-strike policy protect good sellers? kc-oss-1632397247565-protect.png Daraz is dedicated to creating a trusted and disciplined platform for both sellers and customers. These strict measures are taken to ensure the wellbeing of your business on Daraz, customers and fellow respected sellers. We hope that we can support each other in carrying out these initiatives successfully.
What is three-strike policy? Any seller that has hit the temporary delist criteria thrice in the past six consecutive scorecard cycles, will be permanently removed from Daraz (associated seller accounts will also be deactivated and permanently banned) A seller performing very poorly on all performance metrics or a given scorecard cycle will be permanently delisted. New Seller New sellers will have their DOL set at 10 and POL set at 5 till they reach another scorecard level (as per the criteria given in the above table). For any seller to reach an unlimited level for the first time they have to have processed at least 15 orders.
What is Chat Response Rate? It is the percentage of chat conversations that you respond to by end of next working day. It is calculated based on chat conversations you receive in the past 5 to 11 days. Example: The Chat Response Rate that you see on 8 July 2019 is based on the chat conversations you received between 27 June to 3 July. kc-oss-1708931165432-image.png For the chat conversations you receive during the weekend and public holidays, you can reply to it latest by the end of coming working day. If I receive a message on Thursday at 10:15am, I have to reply before Friday 10:15am If I receive a message on Friday at 10:15am, I have to reply before Monday 10:15am If I receive a message on Monday at 10:15pm (after working hours), I have to reply before Tuesday 11:59pm If I receive a message on Saturday at 10:15am (weekend), I have to reply before Monday 11:59pm If I receive a message on Tuesday (public holiday) at 10:15am, I have to reply before Wednesday 11:59pm How to calculate chat response rate kc-oss-1708931492315-3.png On 1st July, your Chat Response Rate = 80% This means that from 11 days ago (20 June) to 5 days ago (26 June), you have received 12 chat conversations & replied 10 of them so 10 / 12 = 0.83 > 83%
Can I use free shipping to boost my sales? Free shipping boosts the conversion rate of selected products and increases the basket size per customer Daraz also provides the same option to registered sellers who can offer free shipping to customers (with conditions such as minimum order value) Once the sellers enable it on Daraz Seller Center, the customer will receive Free Shipping paid for by the seller How To Use The Free Shipping Tool Login to Daraz Seller Center → Go to the Seller Tools → Click on Free Shipping Click on Rate Card to view the current delivery charges according to shipping weight, to form a budget for yourself Once you are familiarized with the rates, you can enable free shipping Click on Create New Fill in all the details in Free Shipping Promotion Detail Page Put in a Promotion Name Write your budget Select a time  period during which  you want free shipping to be active – it can be either  long term or specific Set the Promotion Condition Region can be  selected as all or  specific regions, where  you want the free  shipping to be applied Delivery option will  always be standard Choose what free  shipping is applicable to Click on submit How To View Your Free Shipping Promotions Created? On the Buyer Free Shipping Page You can view all active  promotions along with their  details View Promotion  Conditions Edit existing promotions or deactivate them Share your promotion on  Facebook to attract  customers
What are the ways to boost sales? 1. Create Attractive Product Content Content simply refers to the information you write or provide about the product or service you are selling on Daraz. It's important to be consistent when building your brand! kc-oss-1700563983012-1.png 2. Provide Product Variation Details In e-commerce, one must always remember that customers have more questions compared to retail simply due to the fact that they can’t see the product in the flesh Variations are different sizes and colors of the same product (examples shown) kc-oss-1700564001652-2.png 3. Pay Attention To Product Photography Though there are different variations about how to photograph items for each category, the basics remain the same The purpose of these tips is to teach sellers how to create product images that attract customers. kc-oss-1700564025381-3.png 4. Participate In Campaigns One of the ways Daraz maximizes sales is through campaigns, which help sellers reach their goals in terms of growth and sales with confidence and ease Campaigns offer customers exclusive discounts, unbelievable offers and are also heavily marketed by Daraz, giving sellers a great opportunity to increase sales by promoting the trend of online shopping kc-oss-1700564033683-4.png 5. Use Seller Tools Every seller should familiarize themselves with the fundamentals of using basic Daraz seller tools to boost store traffic, get more visibility and hence, get an increase in sales kc-oss-1700564040881-5.png 6. Decorate Your Store Using Store Builder Store Builder is a feature that allows sellers to decorate & brand their shop. You can customize the layout of your store page by choosing the templates you desire, including selecting best-selling products to highlight on the store page upfront to attract customers kc-oss-1700564047688-6.png 7. Participate In Seller Tool Campaigns kc-oss-1700564058376-7.png 8. Comply To Daraz Policies Every registered seller must adhere to all Daraz policies. Each seller should go over all guidelines and rules available on Daraz University. For new sellers, we especially recommend the ones listed below kc-oss-1700564073084-8.png 9. Stay On Trend Keep an eye out for seasonal products and what’s trending and then sell accordingly Know your audience and potential customers. At the end of the day, they are the ones you’re catering to kc-oss-1700564085507-9.png 10. Join Our Seller Community Dingtalk forms a huge part of the Daraz Seller Community It gives sellers the opportunity to interact with other sellers, relevant category groups, seller support agents and also keep up with important announcements related to events or other exciting news Tune in for our live sessions and webinars In addition to this, you can also find Daraz Sellers Facebook group where you can stay updated with whatever is happening. kc-oss-1700564113994-10.png
What are the benefits of free shipping? It brings traffic to your store. Customers get attracted to your shop and thus, you get more visibility. With free shipping items, your best-selling products get highlighted and customers are usually willing to pay more if the seller provides a free shipping option. More traffic means higher visibility and an increase in clicks. This leads to performance enhancement. Free shipping is always very attractive. Even if the customer does not intend to buy, they will still check out the store which will improve the incoming traffic number. kc-oss-1700564408028-1.png
What are the Benefits of creating Product Bundles? Sellers can create bundles to differentiate their deals from competitors, especially in high-priced competitive categories It’s a great opportunity to sell low cost items as part of a bundle Bundles allow Sellers to clear their inventory of whatever products they choose Additionally, bundles are a full proof way to attract customers and increase conversion rate, sales and enhance overall performance
What is an appeal and how does it work? When a seller gets delisted from our platform which can be due to a number of reasons, we allow our sellers to launch an appeal so the decision can be revisited. Appeal can be locked via the account health. How To Make An Appeal If you have received a notification that you have violated our policy, but you do not agree with the decision, you can now file an appeal request through account health Click on Appeal An appeal ticket will be raised to the relevant business unit for review On the pop up ‘I wish to appeal’ screen, sellers will have to explain the reason for why they are making an appeal They must also attach supporting documents and sufficient evidence for a successful appeal Sellers will be notified of the appeal outcome on account health and via email
What is Account health and what are its benefits? Account health is a new feature on Seller Center that allows sellers to have complete visibility of their compliance to Daraz Policies In addition to this, sellers will also be guided on ways to improve their performance and behavior to be more suited to Daraz compliance policies Benefits Of Account health Real time visibility on compliance actions taken against sellers Sellers can easily raise an appeal through Account health In-depth & complete information regarding performance improvement on Daraz University Sellers have access to a complete record of past non-compliance actions & points Non-compliance points are now refreshed annually (after exact 365 days) Maximum non-compliance points are now 48 Understanding Account health You can hover over these points to learn about the limitations that will be imposed on your seller account upon reaching a certain point milestone 1. SKU View View the complete record of actions taken against the SKUs 2. Non-Compliance Record View the complete record of non-compliance actions on your behalf You may click on the [+] sign to learn more about your exact violation details 3. Appeal Record View the complete record of appeals that you have made
How to Create Easypaisa account on IOS? kc-oss-1661771838789-image.png kc-oss-1661771868319-image.png
How to Check Transaction Limit? kc-oss-1661771958372-image.png kc-oss-1661772000161-image.png kc-oss-1708069538645-image.png
How to Upgrade your Easypaisa Account? kc-oss-1661772156679-image.png kc-oss-1661772174222-image.png kc-oss-1661772211164-image.png
What is Easypaisa Signup? Daraz brings for you a new feature to make your ecommerce journey successful. Now, you do not need a bank account to make your transactions as a seller on Daraz. Easypaisa wallet is a digital account for B2B transactions, bill payments, tax fees and all other transactions. With Easypaisa Wallet you can make fast and secure payments easily anywhere and anytime.
How to Create Easypaisa account on android? kc-oss-1661771706309-image.png kc-oss-1661771749218-image.png
How to update Easy Paisa account details on Seller Center? kc-oss-1708068862782-Group 2020.png Now login to your Seller Center Account. Go to "Account & Settings." Click on "Profile" under "Account & Settings." Add the Bank Details select "TELENOR MICROFINANCE BANK", ensuring that you enter the full IBAN number instead of the account number.
What is the Daraz University and Visa Partnership? Business Management Financial Basics for Your Business A Guide to Starting a Business
What is business management? Efficient business management is a key element in being successful in any venture. Daraz x Visa will walk you through the four main factors that you must learn about to ensure your business thrives consistently. 1. Savings What are savings and their importance? Tips to make savings in your business. What are savings accounts? 2. Financing What is financing? What are the best ways to get funding for your business? 3. Accounting What is accounting? Setting up an accounting system About Accounting Support 4. Risk Management What are the internal risks? External risks and their types How to prepare for risks?
What are the Financial Basics for Your Business? Every business must have a good understanding of certain basic concepts. There are three financial basics that help you get a good basis upon which you can build your business foundation. 1. Budgeting Budgeting is important. How to create a budget? 2. Profit and loss statement Regarding business costs and revenue, Creating profit & loss statements profit and loss statement, 3. Measuring success Factors for Business Success How to Set Productive Goals?
How to Start a Business? Are you thinking of starting your own business but don't know where to begin? This will help you learn the initial steps of setting up your business with ease. An introduction to business, How to turn ideas into a business? How to do market research and make business plans About business investment and funding. Business registration
What can be the shop rejection reasons? The following are some of the most common reasons why seller applications are rejected. Go to pdf Signup Rejection Reasons
Does Daraz have a seller center app? What functions can I perform from the app? Check new orders’ notifications Update stock count Revise prices Review your shop performance Add new products View and modify uploaded products Cater to the inquiries of buyers View, fulfill, and manage orders (RTS, print shipping label, etc.) View or edit seller profile, general info, settings, and access tutorials
How can I create my own brand? If you have your own brand of products, you can follow this easy step by step guide and learn how to create your brand name on Seller Center. This allows sellers to list products belonging to their own brands in their shop. Please note that it takes 24 hours for our team to review your brand for authorization of sale on Daraz. Category Restriction Policy to learn about our restricted categories, the reason for the restriction, and how you can sell items within these categories on Daraz. You must provide either an authorization letter, registration certificate, or dealership certificate. Reference material has been provided for your ease. What is Automated Brand Creation? Step by Step Guide to Brand Creation Benefits of Brand Name Documents required for the approval to sell certain brands or in certain categories.
How does Daraz work? You will have complete control of your online shop You can create your own products You can set your own prices and discounts When you receive an order, Securely package your product as per our guidelines and hand it over to your assigned shipping provider Once your product has been delivered, we will transfer you the money value of your order after deducting the applied fee or charge. It can be seen in your account statement. If for some reason we are unable to have your products delivered, we will have them brought back to you within 30 days.
What should I do to ensure that my seller application is not rejected? Here are some pointers to help you avoid any problems with your seller application. CNIC Attachment The image attached is clear & should be in JPEG/PNG format Both the front & back copies are attached The photo attached is not cropped The name on the CNIC matches the account title you have mentioned The name, identity number, dates of issue & date of expiration are clearly visible CNIC should not be expired NTN Attachment The image attached is clear with all details mentioned The name on the NTN matches the account title you have mentioned The NTN is valid and includes your business registration number The NTN follows the format (PNG/JPEG) and guidelines required Cheque Attachment The image attached is clear, with your name & IBAN clearly visible The photo attached is not cropped The account details are valid The cheque attached matches the details you have mentioned in the bank information The Cheque image format should be JPEG/PNG Please note: A sign-up rejection reason can be that Daraz does not have services in the area mentioned in your address.
What are the various types of sellers on Daraz? There are 3 types of sellers on Daraz. DarazMall offers consumers a quality shopping experience with 100% authentic products. We offer trusted brands with superior delivery and return experience. You are a brand owner or authorized distributor Exclusive access to dedicated DarazMall campaigns Benefit from higher overall search ranking Access to thousands of customers Pay Commission only when you sell Daraz offers consumers the largest variety of assortment from reliable local sellers who created a delightful shopping experience You are based locally Access to multiple seller tools for your store Pay commission only when you sell Daraz offers consumers the widest sort of digital goods & services from local sellers. It is a platform for digital convenience: where consumers enjoy exclusive offers, pay digitally, get instant digital delivery. You are based locally Access to multiple seller tools for your store Pay commission only when you sell
How do I sign up as a DarazMall Seller? If you have never opted for DarazMall during your time at Daraz, you can choose to do so on your homepage on the seller center. When you opt for DarazMall, you will be prompted to submit brand names and relevant documentation. After you have submitted, your brand will be reviewed and if successful, you will be able to use the brand name in product listing! Go to the Brand Management tab on the Seller Center and fill out the form with the required documentation to submit your brand request. Fill in your brand information Add the relevant information and submit your brand request. Go to the Add Products tab under Products in Seller Center. Please Note: When you register a brand and it is approved, your current assortment will be made inactive. For up to 7 days, you can edit your listings with the brand value(s) you have registered and re-list. Remember! If you have a non-branded assortment or non-verified assortment, it cannot be hosted on DarazMall. Attempting to upload such an assortment against a misleading brand will result in compliance actions. Date Applied Brand Name Relation Category Status of your registration Expiration date You can also update your review your documents, re-apply and update your information.
How long does the account verification take? Once a vendor signs up and completes the to-do list, their application is evaluated, validated, and authorized within 5 working days. To-do list verification Finance verification Note: If your application is refused, our team will send you an email explaining the rejection reason.
How do I sign up as a local seller? You can find the “sell on Daraz” on the website and App. Website - Sell on Daraz button is available on the top of the Daraz home page. Application - Download the Seller Center Application. Step 1: Click on "Sign up", if you are based locally. Now you will be able to view the seller sign-up form. Fill out the following details with accurate details If you have a referral code, then you can enter that as well and click Create Account. Step 2: Complete the to-do list. Step 2 (A): Update Profile. Step 2 (B). All 3 addresses (warehouse, business & return address) can be the same. Please mention the correct details then click on submit. Note: House name and number should be mentioned, else your request will be rejected. Step 2 (C): Select your Account type. Click on "Submit" Click on "Submit" Step 2 (E): Order packaging material. To order the packaging material go to the Daraz website, select the packaging material as per your requirement. You must order your packaging material using the same seller email id which is registered on Daraz. Step 3: Input order packaging details Once you update all the required details click on the Submit button. Note: You can only order packaging material after 24 hours once signed up
What documents do you need to complete verification? To complete brand verification in all categories on Daraz, it is essential to follow the guidelines and furnish the necessary documents listed below. kc-oss-1708075311841-image.png kc-oss-1708075342666-image.png Make sure to add these documents in the Upload section in your brand registration page. Have an authentic brand name and logo. Your branded packaging should be visible on your profile (where applicable). Minimum 10K followers, at least 100 posts, and at least 5 positive customer reviews.
How do I sign up as a Digital Sahulat Seller? The Digital Goods category consists of goods that are intangible and only exist in a digital form. Step 1: Go to Seller Center > Scroll down you will see Digital Goods click on "Apply". Now you will be able to view the details. Fill out the following details with accurate details Step 2 (B): Fill in your DG category description Please select the digital goods you are interested to sell in and also attach the authorization letter from the brand Once you have filled in all the information at each step, click on "Submit". You have now registered to become a seller on Daraz.
How to avoid errors when listing products? Seller center approves those products only that are as per Daraz policy and guidelines. Any product that violates Daraz’s policies will not be uploaded on the Seller Center. Sensitive Keywords Keywords mentioned in the product title, highlights, and description should not be sensitive or prohibited to be sold on Daraz as per Daraz policies and guidelines. Category Restriction Select the category for the products which you are authorized to sell.If you select a category that is restricted and not all sellers are allowed to sell, an error will appear preventing your product from being listed on the Seller Center in that category. Restricted Brands Select the relevant and genuine brand for your products.If you select an incorrect brand for your product, an error will appear preventing your product from being listed on Seller Center. Prohibited Items You will not be able to list items that are prohibited to be sold on Daraz. You may not post or sell any item which is prohibited or restricted by law and regulation. Selling and posting items may be prohibited because of both local and international law. Unreasonable Price Each category/brand has a defined price range, selling items on either too low or too high price compared to the set price range will lead to an error. Product Price must be fair and reflect the current market value. Incorrect Weight Mention accurate weight for your products while listing. Weight range depends on the item and the category to which it belongs, selecting the weight beyond the set range will lead to an error and the product will not be uploaded
How to create product variations? Please follow the steps below to create the variations Login to Daraz Seller Center with your registered ID and password Click the "Products" Tab Select "Manage Products" options You will arrive on the Product Overview page. Here you will see all the products listed in your shop. Take the cursor on the product for which you want to add product variations. Click on "Edit" On the product page, scroll down to the "Variants, Price, Stock" section If you wish to add a product variation, Upload the images In this example, a color variation (Black Shirt) and sizes (16.5, 17, 17.5, 20) were added You may input as many variations as you want Price: Write down the price of the product inclusive (including) of Daraz commission Quantity: Write down the quantity of this product that you have allocated specifically for Daraz Special Price & Date of promotion: If you wish to make your products go on sale for a specific time period, then you can also mention the special Sale Price along with the Sale start date and end date Lastly, click on "Submit", the additional variation for this product is now created & will be displayed on the website Variations are different sizes and colors of the same product. How to create variations in bulk? Use Associated SKUs to combine variations into one product. Set the Associated SKU for all the SKU variations. One seller SKU is to be set as the Associated SKU so that all variations will be tied into one product group anchored by that one Seller SKU member. Tip: Choose the topmost Seller SKU for easier identification
What are product variations? Product variations are probably something you encounter every time you shop online, but you may not have known the e-commerce term. Product variations allow sellers to offer various purchase options for products such as sizes, colors, shades, scents, flavors, materials, capacities or weights, etc. These Variations appear on a single product page and allow customers to view the different options they have for purchasing the same product. Product Variations Examples Size (S, M, L, XL, etc.) Colors (Black, Blue, Red, White, etc)
What are the items that I cannot sell on Daraz? The aim of this policy is to build trust and confidence in our buyers when they shop on Daraz. You may not post or sell an item that is restricted by law. Below are the prohibited products but this list is not exhaustive. As a seller, you are responsible for ensuring that you don't list anything restricted. Breach of this policy will result in your product being locked. Associated noncompliance points are also mentioned. A seller will face account deactivation once they accumulate 48 non-compliance points.
How to upload products in bulk quantity? Step 1: Go to the Products tab Step 2: Click on Bulk Add/Edit Products Step 3: Click on ‘Add Product Step 4: Scroll down to see the categories and templates. Select your desired category and template. Step 5: Click on Download, Once downloaded, open the template. Download Template Step 6: Fill in the template details, and then Go back to the Add Product tab Step 7: Click on Upload Template File
What can be the Reasons for rejection of products? The followings are the reasons and descriptions for the rejection of products. Wrong Category: The product must be tagged in its relevant category within the category tree for correct tagging and visibility on the website. Additional Poses Required: Clear and more than one image must be provided to give customers better clarity of the product. Images should be a front view of the product, side view, and back view of the product. Incorrect Brand Name: The brand name should be genuine and the one that is shown in the image or mentioned on the product. Misleading, incorrect and fake brand names are not allowed. "What’s in the box missing": If the image and the description show more than one item then it must be mentioned in the “What’s in the box ” is missing section along with the quantity. This includes the accessories or any other item that is included in the package content of that particular SKU. Replica products not allowed: If the product appears to be a replica/fake then it will be rejected. Size chart required: In case of a fashion item be it apparel or shoes, a size chart must be provided. No scribbles are allowed: No watermark or scribbles are allowed on the images. Features missing/insufficient information: Accurate information should be provided about the product with detailed descriptions and specifications depending on the type of product you’re selling. Incorrect or insufficient information on a particular product leads to QC rejection. Product not allowed on the website: Daraz, does not allow products prohibited by law, counterfeit, religious, or products that are dangerous. Other Reason: If the product does not seem appropriate and as per Daraz standards for reasons other than the ones mentioned above, it is rejected.
How do I select the correct category for my product? You'll need to download the category tree to find the right category for your product. How to download the category tree? Step 1: Log into Seller Center → Select the Products tab → Click on Manage Products Step 2: Click on Bulk Upload/Edit Step 3: Click on Export Category and Brands You can now search for your category in the category tree for products you want to upload Common Reasons For Miscategorization What should I do if I miscategorize products? On the product overview page, click on Actions for the product you wish to update Step 2: Click on Edit Details and ensure all product attributes are accurately filled in
How do I manage my products? If you want to view and manage your products, Log into Seller Center – Select the Products Management – Click on Manage Products On the Product Management page, you can view your products and their variations, as well as filter your search. Product/SKU: The Product tab allows you to see your products as a whole, while the SKU tab allows you to view products and their variations separately. Sellers may choose between product or SKU level views as per their preference Filters: These allow you to search products using the ID, title, Seller SKU or Shop SKU. On the Product Management page, you can also find export/import templates to easily manage the transfer of data. The seller can also bulk update their products on their store using this feature. Price & Stock Update On the Product Overview page, you can view all your added SKUs with their relevant details Price: increase or decrease the price according to what you want. Stock: this refers to the available stock of a specific product. Keep this up to date to avoid any problems. Editing Content On the Product Overview page, you can also edit the content of your products Scroll to Actions revise all product details such as name, description, etc. Edit Share Data Clone Deactivate Delete Product Filters This filter will help view all your added products and their relevant status - Whether approved or rejected
How to do single product listing? It's a step-by-step method. For maximum product visibility on the Daraz website, you must complete this step-by-step process. 1. Log in to the Seller Center. Go to the ‘Products’ Tab, click on ‘Manage Products’ 2. You will now arrive at the ‘Add Product’ Page. Fill in the Basic Information. For example, Product images & Videos. Product Name: Enter the product information- this formula may vary depending on the product category - and include all relevant keywords to ensure your product is found when customers search. 3. Category: Select the appropriate category for your item; you will also be able to see category suggestions based on the product name you entered, or you can choose manually. Click on More to reveal additional fields which you can fill with information about your product. 4. Product Highlights: Fill the details below for listing of your product. 5. Product Description: Include the product description so that the buyer has all the details about what you have to offer. If you input generic key features such as Long-Lasting Good Resolution Imported Your product will not stand out from the other products and will make it difficult to convert visitors to customers. Your product Key Features should be specific and mention details like Type of Warranty (If Applicable) Screen Size Screen Type Screen Resolution Smart Options Other key features such as (HDR) 6. Variants, Price & Stock: Fill the details below. Color Family: Input the color of your product. After you've chosen your product's color, you can either upload images from your computer or use the media center to add images of your product. Price Special Price (if any) Quantity of your product Seller SKU - A unique code to identify your product. Free Items (if any) If you want to create a different variation of this same product, click on Add a new SKU. Use the shortcut options or make the changes that vary (for example, color or the amount of stock available). 7. Service & Delivery for your product Warranty type: Select the type of warranty if applicable on your product. Also, fill in additional fields such as your warranty period and warranty policy. Package Weight: Fill in the weight of your parcel in Kilograms (KG) Package Dimensions: Input the dimensions of your package in centimeters (cm) Click on More to reveal additional fields which you can fill with information about your product. Click on Submit Your product is now created and will be reviewed by our Quality Control Team. When your product is approved, it will appear on the Daraz website with all of the content you specified in your product description and other fields.
How to list products in restricted categories? Manufacturer needs to share Pakistan Standard & Quality Control Authority (PSQCA) Certificate Importer can share No objection certificate (NOC) & Authorization letter from brand Resellers needs to share the Brand Authorization Letter/ Distribution letter (on Company's letter head) The approval process may include document requests, performance checks, and other qualifications. Note: The brand which the sellers are trying to list under the restricted categories should be registered from PSQCA.
What will happen to my pending orders if I go on Holiday Mode? If you activate the seller holiday mode while still having pending orders in your order management, your fulfillment timeline will not be extended. As a result, it is recommended that sellers complete all outstanding orders before going on vacation.
What are Daraz Seller Center Contact details? Want to talk to our Seller Support team? You can call us at 021-111-735537 between 09:00 AM - 5:00 PM ( Mon - Sat ) or to connect to our Seller Support team on Chat between 09:00 AM - 9:00 PM (Mon - Sun) Login to your seller account through Seller Center Go to Seller Help Center Scroll down and tap on "Chat Now" Download the Daraz Seller App and login to your seller account ( Android / IOS ) Go to "Me" section Tap on Seller Help center Scroll down and tap on "Chat With Us"
How to change shop name? You must contact our seller support team via Live Chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) from your registered account if you want to modify your shop name. Your request will be forwarded to the concerned department by our champ.
What is Holiday Mode? If you're planning a vacation, don't have enough stock, or are unable to work for any reason, and are concerned about what to do now that you won't be able to carry out your operations at Daraz, In such cases, Daraz has a special feature for its sellers that allows them to set their store to "Holiday Mode." Your product listings will go offline when you switch to holiday mode. As a result, you don't get any orders to process. How To Set Up Holiday Mode Set up your store in 'Holiday Mode' by following the instructions. 1 - Go to the Daraz Seller Center and log in. 2 - Click on "Account & Settings" & select "Profile" from the dropdown 3 -Select "Yes" on Holiday Mode 4 - Select the duration for Holiday Mode (on the end date, your store will automatically go online) 5 - Click on Submit Note: If you wish to set your shop off holiday mode and get back to business. Simply follow the same steps and click on "No" on holiday mode. Can I access the seller center on holiday mode? Your shop being on holiday mode doesn’t mean that you can’t access Seller Center Upload products to your shop Edit or change your content (including titles, description, product photos, etc.) Instant Messaging feature can be used to chat with customers Please note: There will be no impact on your scorecard and performance dashboard while holiday mode is activated
How do I reset my Password? Daraz seller center gives instant access to the seller. If you forgot your password, do not worry. You can easily reset it. Step1: Open the Seller Center and select whether you want to Email Sign-In or Phone Sign-In Step 2: Click on “Forgot Password” Step 3: Verify your "Email or Phone Number" Step 4: Enter the "Code" & Enter your "New Password" Step 5: Click on “Submit/Save Changes” Your password will be reset once you submit it.
How can I activate/deactivate my account? For Account Deactivation you can contact us on Live Chat https://psc-alimebot.daraz.pk/intl/index.htm?from=ViOYzLHgGx & For Account Activation you can call us 021111735537. It usually takes 3-5 working days for an account to be activated/deactivated. Note: Seller must contact with registered credentials
How to input the right weight & dimensions in Seller Center? kc-oss-1626326773934-image.png Always ensure that the right dimension is entered in Seller Center and the Physical Weight and Volumetric weight are equal.
Is it possible to drop off my parcel at the nearest TCS office? To drop off your parcel, please visit to our Daraz hub or your allocated shipping provider/logistic partner.
Where do I have to drop my orders? You must submit your package to your shipper; you may find your drop-off location in Seller Center. Login Seller Center, click on Account & Settings Select the Profile option from the drop-down Click on the Shipping Provide
What are the standard Daraz Hub parcel drop-off times? kc-oss-1710248854199-9329e42a4f69203f767b1bde700ef078.png
Is it possible to schedule a parcel drop-off appointment on the same day? Yes, drop-off appointments can only be made one day in advance or on the same day.
How can I order packaging material? Note: This is to inform you that FM stations across Pakistan will stop selling seller packaging material on April 15th. Once you’ve filled out all the information for seller sign up, make sure to go to Daraz website and order the packaging material, as per your requirements You can easily order your packaging material from Daraz Create a customer account on Daraz with your registered seller email address On the Daraz website or App, search for 'Daraz packaging material'. You will be able to see different packaging materials. Click on the one you wish to purchase to view its details & specifications Once decided, click 'Buy Now' to place your order Order packaging material directly from the website. Place the order with your registered seller email address and not any other ID. You must create or have a customer account to order packaging material. Order regularly to avoid cancellations due to no packaging material. Make sure that you have enough packaging material for one month. Please check out the link for more information. Important: After the buyer and seller accounts have been created, orders may only be placed after 24 hours. Note: All Daraz Sellers are now allowed to use their own packaging material, subject to the quality guidelines.
What are the Packaging Guidlines for Sellers? Note: This is to inform you that FM stations across Pakistan will stop selling seller packaging material on April 15th. Please make sure you are complying with the following guidelines when packing your orders kc-oss-1655722337773-image.png Any item having multiple components/parts , must be packed together in one package. Example: Split Air Conditioner - both indoor and outdoor unit needs to be packed in one packaging and a single shipping label to be pasted.
Is it possible for me to schedule another slot on the same day if I booked a slot by mistake and then cancelled it? No, you are only allowed to make one reservation per day.
Is it required to schedule an order processing slot through the seller scheduling tool? Yes, if you live in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad/Rawalpindi you must reserve a slot through the Seller Scheduling tool on the Seller Center; otherwise, you can drop your parcel off at your local hub.
Will I get the receipt if I drop my orders? If you drop your parcel at our Daraz hub, you will receive an email confirmation, but if you drop it off at a third party, such as Leopard, you must bring your receiving print and they will stamp it for you.
What is the usage policy and terms and conditions for my own packaging material? All seller's can use own packaging material according below mentioned criteria for their orders processing. Middle Banner.png PACKAGING BANNER (2).png Packaging should be of good material. Packaging material should be of good quality as it will not tear apart easily. Do not use already used packaging material. Packaging material should be of seal which is not easily be open. The minimum size of the packaging material (flyer) should be 7*8 inches. The maximum size of the packaging material (flyer) should be 12*16 inches. It should not be transparent, should not be sealed with tapes. Seller name or brand logo can be on the flyer but not terms and conditions. Accurate supplementary packaging must be used correctly as per the relevant category and empty spaces should be filled. Marketplace Sellers are advised to use plain flyers, while Daraz Mall Sellers can use their own branded flyers. (No contact/address details are to be mentioned on it). Flyers should be sealed using the flyer sealing only. Transparent tape is to be used on the boxes. Airway Bill must be taped and well sticked within the provided pocket on the flyer. Use flyers for non-bulky and small items according to their size. If they are large in size then either use a larger size flyer or pack them in a box. Reused flyers are not acceptable. Staple pins are not allowed on flyers/boxes. The product should not be visible through the packaging material. Product name should not be mentioned on the flyer or box. Note: If these packaging guidelines are not followed then your parcel may get rejected at hub or on pick-up.
How to scan your products at Daraz Hub? kc-oss-1663158781137-ezgif.com-gif-maker (24).gif Check self-scanning stations list
Will I have to pay shipping charges? No! Sellers are not responsible for shipping costs. Customers pay delivery costs, but if a seller offers free shipping or a shipping discount, the discount amount is deducted from the seller's payout.
How can I avail pickup services? For pick-up services, if you're using the Drop-off module, you'll need to contact our seller support staff via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday). If you meet the requirements, our seller support officer will compile the necessary data and forward your information to the relevant department.
What if I am unable to drop my orders within the SLA? If you are unable to drop the orders within the SLA, the order will be canceled by the sourcing team and will effect your seller score card kc-oss-1706163282861-asd.png
How long does it take for me to receive a packing material? A packing material order is typically delivered in 1-3 business days (timelines may vary depending on circumstances/locations).
What is Shipping Weight Policy? How is shipping weight calculated? Shipping weight is the weight calculated as the actual weight or the volumetric weight of a package. Actual Weight: The actual or dead weight of the package Volumetric Weight: Calculated using the following formula for the package: (Length (cm) x Width (cm) x Height (cm))/5000 The higher of the two is called shipping weight or 'chargeable weight' which is used to calculate your shipping fee. What are the product listing requirements for weight Sellers on Daraz are required to provide accurate weights and dimensions of the packages at the time of listing the product. This should include the weight of the product including the packaging. The package weight must be specified in Kilograms (KG) and the package dimensions (length, width, and height) must be specified in Centimeters (CM). What happens if you insert incorrect weight details Sellers are responsible for ensuring that the weights and dimensions of the packed products provided are accurate. Failure to comply with these policy requirements may result in penalties, including but no limited to delisting of products, and financial liabilities for additional delivery charges. If the weight provided by the Seller is incorrect, Daraz may update the approximate weights and dimensions on the seller's behalf. What kind of financial penalties may apply to sellers As per the Shipping Weight Policy at Daraz, in cases where an incorrect entry of weight and/or dimensions by the Seller results in additional delivery fee being incurred by Daraz, Daraz shall claim such additional costs from the seller directly by deducting the amount from the seller's payouts. How to go about dispute resolution In case of any disputes regarding the accuracy of weight and dimensions, sellers may submit evidence for review to Daraz. Such cases will be investigated and a decision will be made based on the evidence provided and communicated to the sellers. Sellers are encouraged to reach out to Daraz's support channels for any assistance regarding weight measurements and listing requirements.
How does Store Builder work? It displays the best-selling products in an appealing layout which the Seller chooses to display on their shop as a way to attract customers. Refresh your SKUs every 2 weeks Keep campaigns up to date Add content to increase engagement Remove SKUs with no stock
What are the best practices of Store Layout & Branding? For better Store layout and branding, including a clear Unique Selling Point (USP) message, ensuring header and banner availability For better Product/Content quality, you should focus on high-quality images and content with the right dimensions, having images with a white background For a better App experience, ensure that your store is decorative in order to attract customers. Having a header on the store gives a better look of your shop to the customers Avoid heavy texts in banners Avoid promotional texts Upload separate header for desktop and App Upload separate banner artworks for desktop and App