What is the cancellation and return policy for Buy More, Save More orders? Partial cancellations are
not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i. e. you will not be able
to cancel 1 or 2 products in your order and would instead have to cancel the entire order. But if
you decide to apply for a return, you can return certain items out of your total Buy More, Save More
order. If a certain number of products from a Buy More, Save More order are eligible for a return,
partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer &
quality checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of each bundle. The total
amount paid for the order will be divided by the quantity of products, multiplied by the number of
items you have returned. Cancellation is not allowed after your order is processed by the seller. In
case you have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return
request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. Decision on returns and refunds taken by
Daraz will be final in its sole discretion. Returning Buy More, Save More products under ‘Change of
mind’ return reason is not applicable. In case a customer tries to circumvent the terms and
conditions and abuse subsidies by creating new accounts, they will be unable to place their order. "
What is the cancellation and return policy for Buy More, Save More orders? Partial cancellations are
not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i. "  Home & Living
Bedding & Bath, Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements, Household &
Home Storage Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind is not applicable for return
and refund. If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be
issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of
return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Refer to
our Warranty Policy for information on the different warranty types and ways to contact the
seller/manufacturer. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items" Home & Living Bedding &
Bath, Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements, Household & Home
Storage Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind is not applicable for return and
refund. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items" response1 = Does Daraz refund shipping
fee? If the order is canceled. If the order delivery attempt is Failed by the courier. Damaged,
defective  Expired item  Incorrect  Not as advertised  Counterfeit item  Incorrect size  Missing
items  Freebies or accessories  Change of mind (if applicable). What is Daraz's refund policy?
Refund against Return orders: the refund is processed if your return claim is deemed valid. Refund
against Cancelled orders: Refund is automatically triggered once the cancellation has been
successfully processed. " It is recommended to use only original chargers that are accompanied in
the box to preserve battery health and prevent overcharging or overheating. Daraz reserves the right
to reject or accept warranty claims on a case to case basis. Additionally, Daraz reserves the right
to modify the terms and conditions of Daraz Like New Warranty at any time without any notice. Home &
Living Bedding & Bath, Furniture & Lighting, Kitchen & Dining, Home Décor, Home Improvements,
Household & Home Storage Supplies, Lawn & Garden,Other Accessories Change of mind is not applicable
for return and refund. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items Sports & Travel
Clothing, Apparel, Shoes & Sunglasses Change of mind is applicable for return and refund (excluding
non-DarazMall items shipped from overseas). For overseas products, please refer to the product page
to check the applicable return reasons. Bags & Luggage, Sport Watches, Team & Racket Sports, Dance &
Gymnastics, Exercise & Fitness, Sports Nutrition & Supplements, Outdoor Equipment, Fitness & Other
Sports Equipment Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund. Baby, Toys & Kids Clothing,
Apparel, Sunglasses, Shoes & Accessories Change of mind is applicable for return and refund
(excluding non-DarazMall items shipped from overseas). Toys & Games, Baby Care & Hygiene, Baby Gear,
Diapers & Potties, Feeding & Nursing Change of mind is not applicable for return and refund.
Grocer's Shop Bakery, Beverages, Baking & Cooking, Cigars & Cigarettes, Dairy, Packaged Foods, Party
Accessories, Snacks, Meat & Seafood, Fruits & Vegetables Change of mind is not applicable for return
and refund. If the item received is expired, damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund
will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Any 3 Bundle Return request must be raised within 14
days for Any 3 Bundle from the date of delivery. Change of Mind is not applicable for return and
refund. Partial returns are allowed: If a certain number of products from an Any 3 Bundle are
eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been
returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. The refund amount is calculated on item level
of each bundle. The total amount paid for the order will be divided by 3, multiplied by the number
of items you have returned. Books & Stationery Change of mind is not applicable for return and
refund. ".