My Account:

Can I access Daraz app from multiple devices?
Yes, you can access the Daraz App from multiple devices

How do I deactivate or delete my account?
If you'd like to deactivate or delete your Daraz account, simply fill up the account deactivation and deletion form
Initiate your request by filling out the form
We will contact you if we need more information
Your account will be deactivated or deleted as requested
Make sure that you're logged in from the account you want to delete or deactivate when you submit your request.
Before you submit your deactivation or deletion request, please note:
Your account shouldn't have any active or pending orders
You should have no active installment plans
You shouldn't be a participant in any ongoing campaigns or rewards programs
There should be no active deposit or refund requests
All existing coins, vouchers, and bonuses in your account will be forfeited
After you've submitted your request, we'll notify you within 72 hours on your request to ensure that the aforementioned conditions are met.
After your account is deactivated:
You'll not be able to log in using your old email or phone number
Your profile will be hidden but some information like product reviews will still be visible
If you'd like to reactivate your account, chat with us
After your account is deleted:
You'll be unable to log in using your old email or phone number initially, you need to sign up with same credentials
You'll not be able to view or retain any of your data
If you want to use Daraz again, you can use the same email and phone number to create a new account

How to subscribe Daraz Newsletters?
To Subscribe to the Newsletter of Daraz, you need to follow the below simple steps on the Daraz Website:
Log in to your Account
Tap your name at the top right corner
Click Manage My Account
Click Subscribe from our Newsletter under the Personal Profile section
Read Daraz Privacy Policy
If you agree to the policy, click Subscribe

How to change the language on Daraz?
To make shopping more convenient for you Daraz has added a language selection. You have the option of changing Daraz to your native language Urdu or to English.
pasted image 0.png

How to Update or Change email address and Phone Number?
If you want to update or change your phone number linked to your Daraz Account, follow these steps:
Log in to your Daraz Account
Go to "My Profile "
Tap on "Account Information"
Update your number
Verify it using WhatsApp or select another method"

How can I connect with a chat?
Login > Click on Customer Care > Click on Chat with Us

I don't have WhatsApp, how can I verify my account?
If you do not have WhatsApp, you can verify your account using other methods by following these steps:
kc-oss-1709625798662-Group 2025.png

How to use chatbot?
kc-oss-1658993068872-image.png

How to unsubscribe Daraz Newsletters?
pasted image 1.png
kc-oss-1662717033018-image.png
Note: It will take 24 hours to remove your email. We will really miss you. Hope to see you again.

How do I manage the Push notifications?
You will receive notifications about any discounts Daraz is now offering as well as any upcoming promotions and campaigns.
You can follow the steps in the image below to turn on or off push notifications:
kc-oss-1691050165666-Push notification.png

How can I add a new delivery address to my account?
kc-oss-1691061388831-Add new address.png
Note: Customer can add maximum 15 addresses in his/her address book.

How can I reset my password?
Go to Forget Password and follow the steps to recover your account.
kc-oss-1704194799228-Password E.png
Note: If you are using Daraz on your phone's browser, you will be able to send OTP via WhatsApp.

How can I provide suggestions and feedback?
Daraz always values customer input, and we always appreciate suggestions and feedback. These ideas and comments enable us to improve our services.
You can chat with us live if you have any complaints or suggestions about our services, application, website, policies, etc.

How can I check if my verification code received via WhatsApp is authentic?
Your verification code is shared via our official Daraz business account. In any circumstance, please don't share your verification code with anyone.
To verify if the WhatsApp account is legitimate, check the following:
The name of the account is 'Daraz'.
There is a green verification badge right next to the name on WhatsApp.
The message is sent from a business account.
Note: In case you receive a message from a fraudulent account, please chat with us immediately

What should I do if I don't get the OTP or verification code when signing up?
If you don't receive your verification code while signing up, here is what you can do .Resend your code after waiting for 60 seconds.
kc-oss-1688993366894-image.png
If it still does not work, go back and select another method to send verification code to your number
kc-oss-1688993421983-image.png
In case you don't receive the OTP when signing up, please contact us via Live Chat, Email, or call. We will facilitate you accordingly.
021-111-132729
customer.pk@care.daraz.com
Live Chat

How can I login if I don't have Daraz account?
If you don't have a Daraz Account, you can sign up via your Facebook or Google Account.

What should I do if I am unable to access Daraz Website or App?
kc-oss-1683288811487-Untitled-1.png

How do I change the personal details of my account?
You can update your personal information on Daraz by using the steps below:
pasted image 2.gif

What should I do if my phone number is registered with another account?
If your number is already linked to another Daraz account, Try to recover your account in which the number is linked or go to Forget Password.
You can register a new contact number in your account if there is no other contact number linked. If you are still facing the issue then contact our Live Chat.

How can I sign up as a customer on Daraz?
It's easy! Just follow the below steps:
For Desktop: Follow the steps to sign up on Daraz.
kc-oss-1693549589349-How signup.png

Account Security:

Is it safe to use public Wi-Fi for accessing my account?
Using public Wi-Fi can be risky. Avoid accessing important accounts, especially for financial transactions, on public Wi-Fi.
If needed, use a virtual private network (VPN) to add extra security by encrypting your connection.

What should I do if I receive a phishing email? & How can I recognise spam calls or text?
If you receive a phishing email, follow these steps:
Avoid clicking on any links or attachments.
Do not reply or forward the email.
Report the email to brand.abuse@daraz.com.
Delete it from your inbox.
To recognize spam calls or texts:
Be cautious of unexpected calls seeking personal or financial information.
Verify the caller's identity by calling back using a trusted number, not the one provided.
Daraz does not request sensitive information over the phone, such as passwords or financial details.

What should I do if I can't log in to my account?
If you can't log in to your account, try resetting your password. If that doesn't help, reach out to our customer support team for assistance.

How can I keep my account secure?
Keep your account safe with these easy steps:
Create strong, unique passwords and use a reliable password manager.
Watch out for phishing scams and avoid sharing your password.
Update your computer and phone software's regularly for better security.
Use safe Wi-Fi connections that you can trust.
Always log out when you're done using your accounts.

What should I do if I think my account has been compromised?
If you think someone unauthorised accessed your account, change your password right away.
Check your account activity for any unfamiliar actions and reach out to our support team to report the incident.

How can I recognize a phishing scam & what measures can I take to secure my account against social engineering attacks?
Take the following measures to help secure your account:
Watch out for phishing scams that might try to trick you into clicking on a harmful link or sharing personal information.
Be careful with unexpected emails asking for personal details or urgent actions.
Check sender details, watch for spelling mistakes, and don't click on suspicious links.
When unsure, contact the official support channel to verify.
Measures to take to secure your account:
Be cautious of unexpected messages, double-check requests for important information through official channels, and don't share personal details online. Stay informed about social engineering tactics to stay alert.

How can I secure my account by creating a strong password?
Here are some tips to create a strong password
Make a strong password using a mix of uppercase and lowercase (big and small) letters, numbers, and symbols.
Don't use things that are easy to guess, like names or birthdays.
Change your password often, and don't use the same one for different accounts.
How often should I update my account password?
It's advisable to update your password regularly, ideally every three to six months. Doing this helps lower the risk of unauthorised access and makes your account more secure overall.

Privacy Policy:

How does Daraz protect the customer's data?
The Privacy Policy at Daraz can help you with the following concerns:
How we collect, use, and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information
The steps we have taken to secure your personal information
The Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please check Privacy & Confidentiality to learn more

What is Daraz Guarantee ?
kc-oss-1695040880557-image.png

Daraz app not working. What should I do?
If your Daraz App is not working, here are some steps you can take to resolve it.
kc-oss-1689060268563-Slide1.png

How to Clear Caches and cookies?
kc-oss-1665082124172-website imp.gif

I believe someone has logged in to my account and placed the order, what should I do?
If you were notified of an unauthorized purchase using your credit or debit card or e-wallet, please contact your bank immediately to report and check if payment can still be stopped. Then, contact our Customer Service so we can address your concern.
If you think your account has been accessed by someone not authorized to do so, please contact our Customer Service immediately so we can freeze your account balance and take action.
At Daraz, we do all that we can to make sure that your account and data remains secure. However, we also need your help in doing your part in keeping your account safe and secure. Do not share your Daraz account details and password or any OTP to anyone. After shopping, always log out of the website, especially if you are using a public computer.

What safety measures can I take on Daraz to avoid being hacked or scammed?
pasted image 2.png

