Best Price Guaranteed:

How do I submit a claim for Best Price Guaranteed?
If you ordered something from Daraz with our‘ Best Price tag and found an identical product at a lower price from any applicable online retailers (Carrefour, foodpanda, Telemart and Al-Fatah), Daraz will refund you 2x the price difference. For successful claims, amount will be automatically deposited to your My Voucher and must be utilized within 14 days
You can submit your claim by following these steps:
kc-oss-1691405505729-BPG.png
kc-oss-1701674286685-image.png
Note: Item should be identical in all aspects and must be in stock during comparison
BPGTC1.png
BPGTC2.png
BPGTC3.png
BPGTC4.png

What is Best Price Guaranteed and how do I check if my purchase is eligible?
Best Price Guaranteed is Daraz's promise to customers that our prices are lower or equal to applicable online retailers in Pakistan.
If you ordered something from Daraz with our ‘Best Price’ tag and found an identical product at a lower price from any applicable online retailers (Carrefour, foodpanda, Telemart and Al-Fatah), Daraz will refund you 2x the price difference.
To submit a claim, simply fill out the Best Price Guaranteed claim form. Once your claim is approved, the claim amount will be automatically deposited to your My Voucher section to offset your next purchase!
BPGTC1.png
Note: Price comparison between different sellers on Daraz is not applicable. For the claim to be considered valid, your purchase from Daraz and product on applicable online retailers’ website should have an identical make, model, size, colour, version, packaging, description/specification, warranty terms and quantity. The item should also be available in stock during the review of your claim. No returns and refunds can be made after a successful claim. Amount must be utilised within 14 days

How is price difference calculated for ‘Best Price Guaranteed’ claim?
Best Price Guaranteed is Daraz's promise to customers that our prices are lower or equal to applicable online platforms in Pakistan. Daraz will refund you 2x the price difference for the product you purchased if you found an identical product at a lower price from any applicable online retailers.
Let's say you purchased a ‘Best Price’ item worth Rs. 100 and come across a similar item at an online retailers of Carrefour, foodpanda, Telemart and Al-Fatah for Rs. 90, you can apply for a claim for the difference of Rs. 10. If your claim is found to be valid, you will get 2x the price difference in your My Voucher section, which in this case will be Rs. 20.
BPGTC1.png
Example of an eligible claim:
kc-oss-1698649361358-Group 1894.png
Example of a non-eligible claim:
kc-oss-1668406663016-image.png

Is there a limit on the amount that I can receive for ‘Best Price Guaranteed’ claim?
Yes, the maximum amount you can receive for a successful Best Price Guaranteed claim is 2x the price difference ( Up to Rs 5,000 per order )
BPGTC1.png
BPGTC2.png
BPGTC3.png
BPGTC4.png

Order Placement:

Does Daraz have a mobile app?
Daraz has both Android & IOS apps that you can download via the following links:
To download the Mobile app for the Andriod version please go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.daraz.android&hl=en&pli=1
To download the Mobile app for the IOS version please go to https://apps.apple.com/us/app/daraz-online-shopping-app/id978058048

What are the features for products?
In order to ensure complete customer satisfaction, the following details are provided on the product page:
kc-oss-1689932924285-What are the features for products.png

How to add or remove the item(s) in the cart?
Adding and removing the cart is now simple just
To add the quantity of an item, Main Page > Cart > Quantity > Add to Cart Choose the count of the item you wish to purchase.
To remove an item from your shopping cart, please follow these steps: Cart > Selected item > Delete
kc-oss-1684149302352-How to add or remove in the cart.gif

How do I place corporate or bulk orders?
For queries regarding corporate or bulk orders, you can reach out to us via email at corporate@daraz.pk In case of any complaints, please email us at corporateissues@daraz.pk Our team will contact you within 24 - 48 hours (excluding weekends) once they receive your email.
Note: Corporate/bulk orders are not available for resale purposes. Only registered companies can inquire about bulk purchases for gifting purposes.

Why am I getting "Something went wrong" error?
kc-oss-1696495245814-Slide1.png

How to check the available flash sales?
To keep yourself updated on the exciting discounts and Flash Sales, check out the Flash Sale on the Main Page
kc-oss-1689848945341-FS E.png

Why am I seeing different prices for the same product?
We have a huge seller base and each seller sources their product differently due to which prices fluctuate for the same product but you can choose depending on your preference as the product quality remains the same.

Why am I unable to place an order?
If your account information is incomplete, update the account information, e.g. (Email & contact number).
If you are getting an error of incomplete address then please remove the address & update it again.
If you are using a Voucher, remove it and try again without the Voucher.
You can only order 5 quantities of each product in an order. If you're ordering more than 5 quantities of a product, reduce the quantity to 5.
If you're ordering packaging materials from a non-seller account, use your registered seller account to place the order.

How would I know if my order has been confirmed?
Upon the order confirmation, please expect Notification via any of the below channels:
E-mail
Push Notification on the app
If it requires manual confirmation, our team will contact you via call within 24 hours after order placement and if you have used any cooperate voucher then it will take 72 hours.

What is the Daraz Buyer Policy?
We are committed to building a trusted and reliable platform for our community and the Buyer Policy ensures that Daraz operates in a safe and orderly manner, with the aim of creating a pleasant shopping experience for all users of Daraz. Please check Daraz Buyer Policy for more details

How to re-order your products that were delivered, returned or cancelled?
To buy your product again follow the below mentioned steps;
Go to Daraz homepage
Login to your account
Click on my orders
Press Buy again button for the product you want.

How do I place an order on Daraz?
Shopping on Daraz is super easy. Register your Daraz Account today and start shopping!
Please refer to the Image below for instructions on how to place an order:
kc-oss-1691568744445-Place an order.png
Note: Minimum COD order limit is Rs.110 and the maximum order limit for COD is Rs.250,000 only.

I am unable to add an item to cart, why is this happening?
If you are unable to add an item to your card, it may be because of one of the following reasons.
Select colour/size: Check if you have selected the size and/or colour of the product
Out of stock: The product may be out of stock. Add to Wishlist to receive a notification once it is in stock again.
Note: Daraz has implemented quantity limits per user in order to ensure availability and equitable distribution of high demand products. The specific quantity limits for each product will be determined by taking into account factors such as demand, product availability, and fairness among users.
Note: If you encounter any problem in placing orders due to quantity limits implementation, make sure you haven't breached the quantity limits from any of your accounts. Multiple account creation for the purpose of bulk ordering is prohibited by Daraz and Daraz consider all of your accounts as one buyer.

Order Management:

Can I cancel my order for overseas products?
To cancel the overseas item make sure your order is not handover to the China warehouse. You can contact us via Live Chat to facilitate your cancellation request.
Note: Once your order enters the China warehouse, Daraz cannot halt the delivery of the product since the import process has started. Therefore you cannot cancel your order (Change of mind is not applicable).

What do the different order statuses in 'My Order' mean?
Processing: Your order has been entered in the order pool of Daraz. Once confirmed by the seller, it will be delivered within a given timeline.
Shipped: Your order has been received from the seller and is on its way via courier. It will be delivered to you as per the standard delivery time. You may track your order from your Daraz App, Account > View All > Track Package.
Delivered: Your order has been delivered to you.
Canceled: Your order has been marked canceled. The details and reason for the cancellation will be stated once you click the Cancellation Notification.

How to Rate and Review your product?
All Daraz customers can review and rate the products they have purchased from the platform.
If you have purchased something from Daraz, you can rank the product out of 5 stars, leave a descriptive review in text and even add pictures to express what you liked or disliked about the product.
If you want to share a review of a product that you've purchased on Daraz, follow the instructions below.
Here's how you can review the products on Daraz:
From your Daraz app, go to "Account"
Tap on "To Review" where you'll see all the products you've received
Select the product you want to review
Rate the product out of five stars with five representing "Delighted" and one star representing "Poor" experience
Upload the pictures of the product
Write about your experience with the product in detail
Scroll down, and tap on "Share Review" to submit your review
Note: We would like to inform you that the "Review and Earn" promotion has been discontinued until further notice.

I accidentally ordered duplicate items. What should I do?
If you have accidentally ordered duplicate items, you may cancel the order if it's at Payment Pending or Processing Stage.
kc-oss-1706871266611-Duplicate items cancelation.png

I got a notification stating my order has been cancelled. What do I do now?
To know the reason for Cancellation, click the Notification that you have received.
For more details on cancellation, click Account, and select Cancellation. You will be redirected to a page where you can view your canceled order. Click on the order that you want to check. The details and reason for the cancellation will be stated there.
NOTE: For COD orders, you need to re-order, and for prepaid orders check What are the refund timelines?

What is AskDaraz & How does it work?
Powered by Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, AskDaraz is an AI (Artificial Intelligence) chatbot designed to provide assistance for all your shopping needs by offering personalized shopping recommendations instantly.
As an AI-powered virtual shopping assistant, AskDaraz enables users to chat with the AI chatbot and get offered personalized recommendations, streamlining the entire shopping process. It refines and analyses user requirements, goes through millions of products across multiple categories, and recommends products, styles and collections based on the user’s specific needs.
Frequently asked questions:
Is AskDaraz only able to understand conversations in English?
AskDaraz supports conversations in up to five languages - English, Urdu, Bangla, Sinhala, and Nepali.
Why can’t I access AskDaraz on the Daraz website?
For now, AskDaraz is only available on the Daraz app for Android & iOS users. Please make sure to install the latest app version to use the AskDaraz feature.
Is there a limit for how many characters I can use to ask AskDaraz a single question?
Yes, the limit for each individual question is 200 characters.
How does AskDaraz deal with questions containing explicit content? 
As a virtual shopping assistant, AskDaraz is designed to provide useful, informative, and respectful information to users. AskDaraz will only respond to queries related to shopping on Daraz and will not generate responses to explicit, offensive or inappropriate queries.

How to access AskDaraz?
You can access AskDaraz by clicking the “Discover” tab in the Daraz app. Get a personalized shopping recommendation by typing a query in the chat box directly.

What is daraz's order cancellation policy?
Daraz makes order cancellation simple and hassle-free. According to Daraz's cancellation policy, you may cancel an order through your Daraz account before it is shipped out from Daraz’s warehouse.
If the status of your order is RTS (Ready to Ship), you can contact us via Live Chat, and we'll assist you with your request to cancel it in accordance with the policy.
Note: Digital goods orders cannot be canceled after the order placement.

How to cancel the order?
Note: Order cancellation is only possible prior to shipping.
kc-oss-1655194395760-How to cancel an order web.gif
check What are the refund timelines?

If my order is cancelled or returned, will I get my Collectible Vouchers back with my refunds?
If your order was cancelled before it was shipped, then the collectible voucher will be refunded to you, but if the order was cancelled after it was shipped, then unfortunately, it won't be refunded to you.
If your order was returned, the collectible voucher won't be refunded to you in this case. Regrettably, Collectible vouchers are non-refundable. Nevertheless, you can now collect vouchers before the event concludes.
The types of vouchers determine how they can be used once it has been applied to an order; the specifics are shown below.
Refundable Vouchers:
Gift Cards
B2B Vouchers
Non-refundable Vouchers:
Collectable Vouchers
Compensation Vouchers
Seller Vouchers
Campaign Vouchers

Why I am unable to cancel my order?
If the order status is Shipped and you are NOT able to track the order through the Consignment Number, then you are requested to contact us via Live Chat.
If the order status is Shipped and you are able to track the order through the Consignment Number, then you are requested to refuse the order when it is delivered to you.
kc-oss-1693223067302-afd1a95bcf8598ff4751669803cec488.jpg