Payment Method:

How to pay via Union Pay?
Now you can easily pay for your orders through your union pay card by following the steps mentioned in the video:
https://youtu.be/EfC8F1vsmqQ
Please make sure your card is active for eCommerce transactions. You can confirm it from your respective bank.

I am getting Risk Scanning Error, what should I do?
Use different payment method to process the order
Retype your correct card number and CVV code after removing your payment information

I am getting “couldn’t complete your payment error”, what should I do?
In case of this error, be sure you do the following:
For online purchases, your card needs to be active. (To verify the status of your card, please contact your bank).
You should have a sufficient amount on your card.
Remove your card details & re-enter your correct card number & CVV code.
You’re entering the OTP timely. 
Furthermore, if you miss picking the payment method due to a mistake, you may go to your "To Pay" option and choose the order to pay for it. You will have 30 minutes to choose a payment method before the order is listed as canceled.

What are the FAQs for HBL Tap and Pay?
Q1. What is tap & pay?
Tap & pay is an HBL app residing in rider's phone. This app let's customers pay with their cards at their doorstep
Q2. How to pay via tap & pay?
You can pay through tap & pay with 3 easy steps:
Scan or tap your card on rider's phone containing HBL's tap & pay app (alternatively card details can also be manually added)
Receive an OTP verification your bank registered number and enter it on DEX hero's HBL Tap & Pay app
Receive payment confirmation SMS on your bank registered mobile number
Q3. Which orders are eligible for tap & pay payments?
All cash on delivery (COD) orders of Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, and Rawalpindi delivered by Daraz Express are eligible to be paid through tap & pay.
Q4. Is there any restriction while paying through tap & pay?
Visa and Master cards of all banks are accepted. Maximum transactions are 2 per day, 4 per week, and 10 per month.
Q5. Are tap & pay transactions safe?
Tap & Pay payments are 100% safe and follow all international payment guidelines, they are OTP and 3DS secure. You will receive an OTP to confirm your transaction.
Q6. Why pay through tap & pay?
Tap & pay tackles the hassle of cash. With tap & pay you don't have to worry about availability of change and makes doorstep payment smoother and faster.

Is it secure to pay via Credit/Debit Card?
At Daraz, we ensure that every credit/debit card transaction is secure and the best security protocols are implemented on the platform.
kc-oss-1677480805053-kc-oss-1655184781531-Customer makes payment and saves the card details.png

How many cards can I save on Daraz?
Daraz allows you to save your card information on the app for rapid payment. You can only save 5 card details at a time. When you pay with a card, you'll receive a One Time Password (OTP) on your registered mobile number, which you'll need to enter to verify your payment.

What is HBL tap and Pay?
HBL brings you Tap and Pay which provides customers a second chance to pay with their bank cards at the doorstep.
kc-oss-1656424098693-image.png
kc-oss-1656425590753-image.png
Note: This option is only available for COD DEX orders in Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad

How to add/ remove card details?
To add the card details, you need to click on Toggle Button next to the Save Card option on the payment page.
Please follow the below simple steps on the product page:
Add to Cart / Buy Now > Check Out > Placed Order > Select Credit / Debit Card > Enter Card Details > Save Card

How do I identify products available for COD?
The image below shows products that are available for COD:
'Cash on Delivery Tag' may be seen on the product page.
kc-oss-1695294015164-Group 1865.png

I am unable to pay through EasyPaisa Direct, what should I do?
If you did not receive the OTP while paying from EasyPaisa, refer to the scenarios below:
If you’re a Telenor user: Input your 5-digit M-PIN into the USSD prompt.
If you’re a non-Telenor user; Login in your Easypaisa app > Tap on the top-left Menu to approve the payment in "My approvals" 
Please check out the below video for more detailed information:
https://youtu.be/wePyEs1Vyf4

What payment options are available at daraz?
We have the following payment methods through which you can make a payment:
Easypaisa Mobile Account
Credit/Debit Card
HBL Direct Transfer
Daraz Wallet
JazzCash Mobile Account
Easy Monthly Installments
COD (Cash on Delivery)
In case if you are unable to see the Cash on Delivery (COD) payment method then check Why can’t I pay for my orders using Cash on Delivery (COD)?

How can I check the ongoing discounts on payment partners?
For checking the ongoing discounts on payment partners, visit the main banner on the Daraz home page.
kc-oss-1690803042207-Bank discount banners.png
Note: Before placing your order, collect the payment partner voucher by clicking on the payment partner home page banner.

Why was my amount deducted from my account but my order was cancelled?
If you had paid for your order and it has been marked as canceled you can check the cancellation reason from My Cancellation, After receiving an SMS or email notification of a deduction, it may take up to 24 hours for your account to update on the online banking web or app. In this case, it is advised to wait 24 hours. You can contact our Care Champ (Live Chat) with the following information once 24 hours have passed:
Screenshot of transaction message ( a message that indicated the amount deduction)
Payment details:
if you had paid using a Credit/Debit card then your bank’s name and your card’s first 6 and last 4 digits are required.
If you paid using Easypaisa/JazzCash kindly provide your account number.
Note: the details are required so your refund request can be initiated. Also, note that Daraz takes complete responsibility to keep your information confidential.
After you have provided all the details, the request is forwarded to the payments team to check the payment.
Once the refund has been issued, you may refer to the following timelines:
kc-oss-1707809090325-Slide1.png

What is Cash Payment Fee and how can i avoid it?
1- What is Cash Payment Fee?
The additional fee is charged upon purchase to provide our customers with the convenience of paying cash on delivery.
2- How can I avoid paying Cash Payment Fee?
There is no extra fee when you use any other payment methods at checkout, such as debit/credit card, Daraz wallet or partner wallets. Digital prepayments are safe, convenient and reliable and also save you the unnecessary hassle of arranging cash when receiving your delivery.
3- Will Cash Payment Fee be refunded if my order is cancelled or returned?
Yes, the full amount will be refunded to you for cancelled and returned orders. In the case of a partial return, you will receive a partial refund on Cash Payment Fee based on item weightage. 

Why can’t I pay for my orders using Cash on Delivery (COD)?
Cash on Delivery may not be available due to the following reasons:
1. Cash on Delivery is disabled for your account
Buyers who have a high percentage of failed deliveries will not be able to use Cash on Delivery. The COD deactivation will be lifted automatically once you have more successful deliveries in your account.
Failed deliveries include orders that are not delivered due to
Customer's refusal to accept or pay for the order,
Incorrect address,
Unavailable/unknown consignee.
2. COD-Unsupported Item Category
Currently, orders for Bulky items and Digital Goods e.g. mobile load, e-vouchers are not available for Cash on Delivery.
3. Maximum COD Threshold
For security reasons, orders with very high value (subjected to business decision) cannot be checked out using Cash on Delivery.

Why am I required to share my payment details and CNIC?
Incase, if you are facing any error while making the payment, we need your payment details and CNIC to ensure that your credentials are not being misused and the details are used by the real owner.
To make sure that the details are used by the actual/authentic user, the following details are required:
1. For card Debit/Credit:
A picture of your CNIC
Picture of your Credit/Debit card with the following details only:
Card holder's name
First 6 digits of the card number
Last 4 digits of the card number
2. For Easypaisa/JazzCash:
A picture of your CNIC
Easypaisa/JazzCash Account number
3. For HBL Direct:
A picture of your CNIC
Bank Account number
4. For Daraz Wallet:
A picture of your CNIC
Wallet screenshot
Note: Only the front of the card with the above-mentioned details is required.

Daraz Wallet:

What is Daraz Wallet Rewards?
"Daraz Wallet Reward is a special bonus that is added to your wallet balance.
You may be eligible for a reward based on several running campaigns on daraz. Keep an eye out for great additional earning possibilities.
Note: The reward amount is non-reundable. "

What payment methods can be used to top-up Daraz wallet?
You can use the following steps to top up or deposit the amount into your Daraz Wallet:
Debit/Credit Cards (Master, Visa & Union Pay)
Jazzcash
Easypaisa
Note: You will not be able to deposit the amount using any international cards.

What is Daraz Wallet?
Daraz wallet is a smarter, easier, and safer way to make payments while you shop online at Daraz.
Daraz wallet enables you to:
Buy from a selection of over a million products.
Top up your Mobile Credit instantly.
Buy Games, Gift Cards & Vouchers.
Shop authentic products with fast delivery from Daraz Mall.
Get products from our Global Collection section
Get rewards/bonuses in your wallet.

How to deposit in Daraz Wallet?
1. Click on the Deposit
2. Enter the Amount you want to Deposit
3. Select the Deposit method
Note:
The deposit amount cannot exceed PKR 50,000
International Bank Cards is not offering its services to Top-up Daraz wallet.

How to pay with Daraz Wallet?
Now you can easily pay for your orders through Daraz wallet by following the steps mentioned in the video:
https://youtu.be/TJMWdkRw__A
Note: Please keep in mind that if you have a refund, bonus, and deposit amount in your wallet, your payment will be made using the bonus amount first, followed by the refund amount, and finally the deposit amount

How to activate Daraz Wallet?
There are many benefits of using Daraz Wallet. Take advantage of one-click checkout and receive your refunds within 30 minutes. To activate your Daraz Wallet, follow these steps:
kc-oss-1697531785237-Group 1882.png
Note: If you are facing OTP (One Time Password) issue or error related to (Your number is linked with another account) then please contact us on Live Chat.

How to withdraw refunds from the wallet?
Follow the steps below to withdraw refunds from your Daraz wallet:
1. Click on Withdraw
2. Enter the Amount and Bank details
Only the amount that has been refunded can be withdrawn.
You will be unable to withdraw the amount that has been deposited and rebated (in any case).
To proceed with the withdrawal, enter IBAN (24 Alphanumeric Characters) in the area of the account number.
The amount will be reflected in your bank account instantly after the process is completed.
A withdrawal fee of PKR 7 will be applied to all transactions made to banks other than HBL Bank Limited/Konnect.
kc-oss-1695210408866-34607F01-ED54-4ab0-901A-A3AD217B353B.png
Kindly be informed that the Telenor Microfinance Bank has been added to the list of wallet withdrawal banks. Customers can now use Easypaisa to withdraw their wallet refund amount by selecting the Telenor Microfinance Bank option.
Note: You cannot withdraw from any Microfinance & Bank of Khyber bank because they are not on the withdrawal list.

What is the total wallet balance?
Your Total Wallet balance is a combination of the following Amounts:
Total Wallet Balance = Top-Up + Reward (Bonus)+ Refund

Why am I being charged for withdrawals?
Once the updated Wallet Interface is implemented, a withdrawal fee of PKR 7 will be applied to all transactions made to banks other than HBL Bank Limited/Konnect.

Easy Monthly Installments (EMI):

How to change my installment plan?
With all due respect, unfortunately, once your installment plan is activated It is not possible to change the tenure of the plan.

How to pay through Easy Monthly Instalments (EMI)?
To place an order on EMI, refer to the steps mentioned below.
https://youtu.be/PALCYxWppUY
https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/silk-emi
https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/bank-alfalah-emi
https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/mcb-emi
https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/ubl-emi
https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/askari-bank-emi
https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/gcp/daraz/channel/pk/payment-promotions/faysal-bank-emi

Is it possible to return or cancel a product bought on Daraz EMI?
Yes, in case of a return, your amount will be reversed to your credit card within 10 working days once the refund is approved. There are no charges for this reversal and it will be reflected on your upcoming statement.
In case of cancellation from Daraz side, your amount will be reversed to your credit card within 10 working days. There are no charges for this reversal.
In case of cancellation from the Customer side, your amount will be reversed back to your credit card within 10 working days. You will be charged cancellation fees as per the following chart:
kc-oss-1711000552239-EMI cancelation fees.jpg

Following are the banks that support EMI transactions:
Silk Bank
Bank Alfalah
MCB
UBL
Askari Bank
Faysal Bank

What are the terms and conditions when paying through Easy Monthly Instalment (EMI)?
kc-oss-1690880626274-Slide1.png

What is the processing fees for EMI plans?
The processing fees vary for all the payment partners. You will be charged processing fees as per the following chart:
kc-oss-1712073039391-EMI.png
Note: Please note that SCB & UBL does not offer EMI terms of 18, 24, or 36 months; only 3, 6 & 12 months EMI terms are available. It is requested that you select the appropriate tenure.

What is Easy Monthly Instalment (EMI)?
Daraz brings easy monthly installment plans for its customers through which you can order products worth PKR10,000/- or more and pay in installments. EMI allows you to buy in installments using your Credit Card (Visa/Master) of Silk Bank, Bank Alfalah,MCB, UBL,Faysal Bank, and Askari Bank.
You can order one product per order in case of EMI. Also, once you have placed the order it will take 7 working days (from the order placement date) to activate your EMI plan.

Are vouchers and discounts applicable on installments?
For installments, you can use any vouchers that are not restricted to any specific payment method.