Return Process:

What should I do if my return request is cancelled?
If your pick-up or drop-off request has been cancelled please feel free to chat with us at https://ai.alimebot.daraz.pk/intl/index.htm?from=XwE5eGigSS

How can I track my return?
To track your return order, follow the steps given below:
Manage My Account> My Returns> More Details: Return Journey

What options can I choose to return my item?
Note: For Digital goods, dFresh and Missing items our team will contact you within 24 hours after initiating the return request.
For other physical items there are two ways you can return your item to Daraz.
They are explained in detail in the image below.
To initiate any of these options, fill out the return form and select either of these options.
kc-oss-1700029518263-Slide1.png
Note: The return option for bulky items is available all over Pakistan, but the pickup option for non-bulky item returns is only available in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Multan and Rawalpindi.

How long is the quality check process?
Our Quality Check team checks these item(s) received from you to verify the issue highlighted in your return claim.
The refund will only be issued if your return claim has been approved. You will be notified via notification once your refund has been processed.
If it is an declined return, the product will be sent back to you and you will be informed of the reason for return rejection.
Package arrives at warehouse within 1-5 working days and Quality Check takes 2 working days
Note: For Digital Goods/Daraz Fresh Items team will contact you within 24 hours after you initiate your return request.

How to initiate a return request for an item not received/empty/missing package?
To initiate return request for empty package or items that are delivered but not received please follow the steps mentioned below:
kc-oss-1692253803472-Missing item ORF.png

What should I do if I receive a broken or damaged product?
Submit your request for return within 14 days for Daraz Mall and other products
For Daraz Fresh our team will contact you within 24 hours after initiating the return return request.
Note: Our marketplace items' 14-day return policy covers all orders placed on October 25th and onwards.

Where is the nearest drop-off location?
Once the return request has been initiated, you will be able to drop off your item(s) at your chosen option within 4 days.
PK-TCS: https://www.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/help/tcs-locations?spm=a2a0e.12026511.4180196710.5.33b61b6aiCYXOS&hybrid=1
PK-DEX: https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/seo/daraz-shops?hybrid=1&from=icms:offline
PK-LCS: https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/seo/leopard-locations?hybrid=1

When can I return my item?
To return the item(s), note the following points:
Return request must be raised within 14 days for Daraz Mall items and non-Daraz Mall items from the date of delivery.
You can initiate the return request once the order status has been updated to “Delivered”. If the order has been delivered and the status has not updated, it will be updated within 24-48 hours. The return window will only begin when the status has been updated.
You can return the item(s) if:
Item is damaged, defective, or expired
Item is incorrect, counterfeit or not as advertised
Item is of incorrect size or does not fit you
Item, freebie, or accessory is missing
You changed your mind
Your item is eligible for a return for "Change of Mind" if it falls in any of the following categories:
Men's/Women's Bags
Luggages and Suitcases
Men's/Women's Fashion
Bedding
Bath
Exceptions are Duffel bags, innerwear and overseas products
Note: Our marketplace items' 14-day return policy covers all orders placed on October 25th and onwards.

How long is the return process?
Once the return request has been initiated, and your item has been picked up or dropped off, it takes 6-10 business days for the return process to be completed.
Note: For Digital goods, dFresh and Missing items our team will contact you within 24 hours after initiating the return request.
You may refer to the image to have a better understanding of the Return Process.
kc-oss-1698216652009-RP process.png
Note: Our marketplace items' 14-day return policy covers all orders placed on October 25th and onwards.

Do I have to pay for my return?
Returning an item is free regardless of whether you choose pick-up or drop-off

How do I return my item?
Daraz has a Free and Easy Returns Policy. To submit a return request, follow the steps below:
Go to “My Orders”
Tap on "Initiate a Return"
Select “I want to return the product”
Fill out the Online Return Form with all the relevant information
Select Pick Up or Drop Off as per your preference
Submit the request
Note: If your item is not received/ empty/ missing package then check How to initiate a return request for an item not received/empty/missing package?

How should I pack the items for return?
Except for Groceries items, all physical items should be packed as per following:
Fashion products: Unworn and unwashed, can be tried on for fit.
Include all received items: free gifts, warranties, tags, manuals.
Return in undamaged original packaging, no tape on manufacturer's box.
Protect damaged Daraz packaging with extra plastic wrapping.
Maintain product's received condition
Choose drop-off or pickup for the return process.
Important: Pack items separately by their unique return tracking numbers. Don't combine items with different tracking numbers

Free & Easy Returns Policy:

Which item(s) are non-returnable?
If you have received the correct product in the right condition, and if in case you don’t like it, it cannot be returned if a change of mind is not applicable. Moreover please check the non returnable items list below,
Custom made item(s) in all the categories are non-returnable
All pet supplies are non-returnable
Movies and music cannot be returned
All the software that is labeled as non-returnable on the product page
Women's intimate apparel and men's innerwear cannot be returned
Note: You can only initiate the return request for the above-mentioned item(s) if you have received an item(s) that is defective, incomplete, damaged, or incorrect.

What will happen if my return claim is invalid?
After a quality check of your item, if your return request is rejected we will inform you via email and call. Your item will then arrive at your address within 4 to 6 days
Note: Our delivery partner will make 3 attempts to deliver your package. After that, your package will be scrapped along with your item.

What is Daraz’s Free & Easy Returns Policy?
Return option is available on the categories listed in the given chart. Return timelines and cancellation availability for each category are also listed.
kc-oss-1698217040505-What is Daraz’s returns policy.png
For device-related issues after usage or the expiration of the return window, seller warranty or brand warranty could be given by the seller.
For a seller warranty, please contact the seller. The contact details of the seller can be found on the invoice.
For brand warranty, please refer to the Brand Contact List. For more information on warranty claims please view our Warranty Policy.

Warranty Policy:

I lost my warranty card, How can i claim Warranty?
Present your seller invoice (VAT Bill) which was delivered along with the product to any authorized Service Center

How do I claim my warranty?
Warranty can be claimed by presenting Warranty Card or Order Invoices at the respective brand's authorized service center
In case you're having any of these warranty issues, you may claim warranty on order invoices:
Unstamped Warranty Card
Outdated Warranty Card
Mismatched Reference Numbers
Warranty Card Missing

What is Daraz's warranty policy?
Daraz offers the following warranties with its products.
Brand Warranty: If your product is eligible for the brand warranty it will be indicated as “brand warranty” on the product detail page. For brand warranty, refer to the Brand Contact List. If your product is within the warranty duration and malfunctions during normal usage, the brand will provide free of charge repair and/or replacement services within the warranty period. Daraz will not take any responsibility for the after-sale services.
Seller Warranty: If your product is eligible for a seller warranty it will be indicated as “local seller warranty” on the product detail page. To claim a seller warranty, you can contact the seller through the product page or you can also contact the seller through the contact details mentioned on the invoice. If any part of the product needs to be replaced for repair under this warranty policy, the customer will have to pay for that part.
Note: Warranty violations include customer-induced damage, such as self-repairs, broken display, bending, scratch, dent, burn, soaked or liquid damage, root or manual update, and failure to comply with product manual, etc. 

How do I check if my product has a seller or brand warranty?
Seller Warranty:
If your product is eligible for a seller warranty it will be indicated as “local seller warranty” on the product detail page. To claim a seller warranty, you can contact the seller through the product page or you can also contact the seller through the contact details mentioned on the invoice.
Brand Warranty:
If your product is eligible for the brand warranty it will be indicated as “brand warranty” on the product detail page. For brand warranty, refer to https://pages.daraz.pk/wow/i/pk/help/brand-contact-details?spm=a2a0e.12026498.1651736270.28.121f400anno7ND&hybrid=1.
Note: For device-related issues after usage or the expiration of the return window, seller warranty or brand warranty could be given by the seller or brand.

My product is under warranty but I did not receive a warranty card?
If you're having problems with missing warranty cards, you can find the warranty details in the manual Book that certain companies supply. Because certain Company provide warranties on their instruction manuals. Also, customer may obtain a replacement warranty card from the date of purchase by simply presenting the Daraz Order Number to the brand in the event of any warranty-related issue.

How can I get my product serviced?
If your product is within the warranty duration and malfunctions during normal usage, you do not have to worry about the repairing cost.
If your product has passed the warranty duration, or is physically damaged, or violates a warranty condition as set out by the manufacturer, you will be responsible for the repair cost. We suggest you repair the product at the service center authorized by the manufacturer for better quality services.

Refund Process:

Why is my status "Your refund has been approved" when I haven't received the amount?
When you see the order status "Your refund has been approved," it indicates that Daraz has processed the refund. To determine the timeframe for receiving the refund, please review your payment method's refund timeline.
If the expected timeline has been exceeded, please contact our live chat for assistance in expediting the refund process.

What are the reasons of my failure to receive my Easypaisa refund?
These are the typical reasons why customer refunds for Easypaisa are unsuccessful:
Easypaisa's account is disabled/blacklisted.
The customer changed the mobile number on the Easypaisa side.
Easypaisa wallet user reached max balance limit. 
Note: Please make sure that you are not experiencing those mentioned above. issue during the refund procedure.

What are the refund timelines?
After the return process is completed and the status of your refund is "Refunded", the following timelines are followed.
kc-oss-1707809090325-Slide1.png

Refund Policy:

Does Daraz refund shipping fee?
The shipping fee is refunded along with the amount paid for your returned or canceled product. You will be refunded in the following cases:
If the order is canceled.
If the order delivery attempt is Failed by the courier.
If the item is refunded for the below reasons: 
1- Damaged, defective
2- Expired item
3- Incorrect
4- Not as advertised
5- Counterfeit item
6- Incorrect size
7- Missing items
8- Freebies or accessories
9- Change of mind (if applicable).

What is Daraz's refund policy?
The amount is refunded in the following scenarios:
Refund against Return orders: the refund is processed if your return claim is deemed valid.
Refund against Cancelled orders: Refund is automatically triggered once the cancellation has been successfully processed.
Failed Delivery: In case of a failed delivery, It takes 10 working days to return the item to the seller. Once the item is delivered to the seller then your order status will get updated as "Refunded" and you will follow the below refund timeline.
kc-oss-1707809090325-Slide1.png

What are the conditions for a voucher refund?
Your vouchers will be refunded in 48-72 hours in case of the following scenarios:
System side cancellation
Sourcing delay
Failed delivery
Refunded orders
In case of partial cancellation of the order, you can contact our Care Champ (Live Chat) if the Vouchers are non-refundable in case of:
If the order was cancelled from the customer side.
Promotional vouchers
Campaign vouchers and Seller Vouchers 