Daraz Like New:

What is the condition of the Like New Devices?
Condition of Watches and Air buds:
Has no to minimal scratches that are visible from an arm’s length,
Has no dents or prominent damage.
Condition of Tablets and Laptops:
All Daraz Like New laptop purchases will come with all components fully functional with minor usage but no damage and a compatible charger. Daraz Like New products will be packaged in Like New original packaging. All systems come with a preinstalled operating system and will have a minimum battery back-up of one (1) hour under multimedia usage.
Cosmetic condition: Excellent, i.e. i) Screen: no spots or damage; and ii) Body: no signs of breakage but minor signs of usage may be visible.
Functional condition: Fully Functional (exceeds 80% of original battery life, generic or OEM accessories and packaging provided).
Condition of Treadmills and Speakers:
Fully Functional
No Sign of breakage or damage but minor sign of usage may be visible from arm's length

What we offer in Daraz Like New?
Performance: In very good condition, as good as new.
Quality Checks: There are 60+ quality checks.
Easy Returns: We offer 1 month warranty for Smart watches and Speakers, 3 months Daraz warranty for treadmills and air buds and 6 months Daraz warranty for Tablet and Laptops
Functionality: Fully functional.
Aesthetic quality: Minimal signs of usage
Note: Check Iphone_x_grading_report_like_new.pdf to see the complete quality check report.

How to file a return for Daraz Like New?
You can file the return by following the below steps:
Customers can reach out to our Customer Service live chat by scanning the QR code present on the warranty Card found in the box.
Within 14 days – Customers can easily file a return through their app
Beyond 14 days - Customers can reach out to our Customer Service live chat by scanning the Qr code present on the Warranty Card found in the box. Warranty claim is only valid if the item is defective 
Note: We recommend that you save and back up all your data, switch off any phone tracking options on the device and perform a factory-reset to remove all personal data sim and Memory cards before returning your item.

What are the terms and conditions for Daraz Like New?
Warranty is not applicable if the product is subject to neglect, improper or reckless use including but not limited to incorrect mechanical or electrical installation, water damage, etc., or accidental damage from circuit damage due to voltage fluctuations, acts of God, etc.
Warranty is also excluded in case of rooting, service from unauthorized personnel and damage from non-genuine, un-essential accessories.
Daraz reserves the right to cancel the warranty and return the product of Daraz Like New without a refund in these cases. Daraz would be the judge on all such matters and its decision will be final and binding.
Any type of discount vouchers, gift card and bank discount voucher will not be applicable on speakers, tablets , Laptops, air buds, treadmills and smartwatches
Daraz holds the right to confiscate a speakers , tablets , Laptops, air buds, treadmills and smartwatches if found that any law enforcement agency or PTA has blocked its use due to involvement in illegal activity by the customer.
Note: We recommend that you save and back up all your data, switch off any phone tracking options on the device and perform a factory reset to remove all personal data, sim and Memory cards before returning your item.

How do I know if my product has warranty?
You may check if your product has a warranty by visiting the product page.
Smart Watches and Speakers and Air buds that come with Daraz Like New badge are eligible for Daraz Like New 1 Months warranty.
Treadmills that come with Daraz Like New badge are eligible for Daraz Like New 3 Months warranty .
Laptops & Tablets that come with Daraz Like New badge are eligible for Daraz Like New 6 Months warranty.

What if I lose warranty Card, can I still claim my warranty?
Yes, the warranty can still be claimed, contact our Customer service through the number: 021-111-132729

How do I claim my Daraz Like New Warranty?
You can claim the Daraz Like New warranty by scanning the QR code or you may also directly contact our Customer service Team

What is Daraz Like New?
Every Daraz product is thoroughly checked by experts to endure your product is original, has all genuine parts, and is in A+ condition.
We want you to shop with confidence and be fully satisfied that your purchase on Daraz Like New looks and works like new.
Daraz backs applicable products with the Daraz Like New warranty .
We reserve the right to decline a return or refund if we determine that the Daraz Like New warranty is being abused.

Daraz Mall:

Can I order medicines on Daraz?
Yes, you can now order your medicines from Daraz in the comfort of your home. Below are the details of this product.
You can order medicines through prepayment methods (Easypaisa, JazzCash, Debit/Credit Card, Daraz Wallet)
For the Medicines that need a prescription, the prescription can be shared with the seller through IM (Instant Messaging)
Seller is allowed to contact the customer through Daraz chat
Customers can directly contact the seller in case any order will not be delivered or there is any delay. (Instant Messaging)
The delivery timeline for medicines is 5 days
Customer can place only 3 items per order
Order minimum value should be Rs. 320
Free delivery for all customers

What are the Terms and Conditions of 2x Money Back Guarantee?
2x Money Back Guarantee is Daraz’s promise that all the items sold on Daraz’s online platform (“Platform”) under Daraz Mall category are 100% authentic from verified brands, and in the event you receive a counterfeit or fake item from a Daraz Mall seller, you will be able to claim 2x Money Back upon return of the said item to Daraz, subject to the terms and conditions given below.
Eligibility criteria to claim Daraz Mall 2x Money Back Guarantee:
The item must be marked as delivered and should be in customers’ possession.
Return request must be submitted by you within 14 days from the date of delivery.
When submitting your return request, select “The item is fake or is a counterfeit item” as the return reason. Requests raised against any other return reason such as damage or missing freebies will not be eligible for 2x Money Back claim.
The 2x Money Back claim is not applicable on digital goods and grocery.
Once you have raised the claim in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein, Daraz shall notify you about the status of your claim via email within 14 days from the date of submitting your claim.
Note: Daraz reserves the right to request additional documentation or information from the customer to verify your claim, and Daraz may also request proof from the Daraz Mall seller for the purpose of verifying the claim.
Here is what happens once your 2x Money Back claim is verified:
If your claim is verified, you will first receive a refund of the paid amount in the original payment account (e.g. bank account) which was initially used to make the payment (pre-paid orders). For cash on delivery orders, the refund of the paid amount will be processed either to your bank account or an equivalent amount of Daraz wallet credit will be issued.
The 2x Money Back Guarantee amount will be credited to your account as Daraz wallet credit for use on future purchases.
2x Money Back Guarantee amount is valid for up to 180 days from the day it is credited.
The 2x Money Back Guarantee amount will be calculated based on the listed sales price of items at the time of purchase excluding delivery fees, cash payment fees, and any other special discounts including but not limited to vouchers/coupons, cashback, or credit card discounts.
Note:
(1) There is no maximum limit on the 2x Money Back Guarantee Amount.
(2) Any decision(s) in relation to 2x Money Back Guarantee taken by Daraz will be final in its sole discretion. Daraz also reserves the right to amend or otherwise vary these terms and conditions at any time without any prior notice.

What is Daraz Mall?
Daraz Mall is a dedicated channel with a carefully curated selection of branded items sourced directly from brands or their authorized sellers, and where the customers can find genuine items with the option of 14-day return policy.

What is a counterfeit or fake item?
A counterfeit or fake item refers to an exact imitation of something valuable made with the intention to deceive or defraud customers.
If you believe that you have bought a fake or counterfeit item from Daraz Mall, here is what you need to do:
Apply for a return request in accordance with the Returns Policy.
Select “return reason” - “The item is fake or is a counterfeit item”
In the “return reason” section, please state why you think the item is fake or counterfeit.
Include clear photos and remarks of the following to help validate your fake or counterfeit claim:
Serial numbers (search for any indication of a barcode with a serial number, if available);
Brand's logo and its placement on the item;
Tags (either sewn in or hang tags, if available) and their position on the item; and
Close-up images of the item received by you to show where and/or how it differs from the original, if available; and
Packaging/wrapping/box of the item
Submit Your request
Note: Customers are responsible for returning the item in the same condition in which it was delivered as per the Returns Policy and must include all documentation, such as warranty cards, packaging, freebies, etc.

How do I make sure the items I order from Daraz are 100% original?
If you want to make sure that the items you are ordering from Daraz are 100% authentic by trusted brands, order from Daraz Mall.
Daraz Mall is a dedicated channel with a carefully curated selection of authentic items sourced directly from trusted brands. Shopping on Daraz Mall is the highest-quality online shopping experience you can get.
All Daraz Mall items are 100% authentic and covered under 2x Money Back Guarantee. If any of the items from Daraz Mall is verified as fake or counterfeit, you get a refund of the original amount with 2x Money Back Guarantee.
Read more about how you can submit a return request if you think your DarazMall item is fake or a counterfeit.

Is express delivery available on Daraz Mall products?
Yes, express shipping is available for Daraz Mall items. Based on where you are, Express Shipping delivery times may change.

What brands and categories are available on Daraz Mall?
You can shop from the following categories on Daraz Mall:
kc-oss-1603362231005-image.png
Daraz Mall stocks brands from all the mentioned categories and includes brands like L'Oréal, Dettol, Lipton, Habitt, Philips etc.

I think my Daraz Mall item is Fake/Counterfeit What should I do?
kc-oss-1691065072892-How to return (2).png
All brands on Daraz Mall are 100% authentic and are covered under 2x Money Back Guarantee.
If you think your Daraz Mall item is fake or a counterfeit, apply for a return and select “this item is fake or is a counterfeit item” while submitting your return request.
If your claim is verified, we will refund you the original amount along with the 2x Money Back Guarantee amount.
For more information, check our Return and Refund Policy.
Terms and Conditions apply

What is a Flagship Store?
Leading international and local brands, online brands, and retailers all have flagship stores. The cornerstone and core brands that makeup Daraz Mall are flagship brands.
Remember that Daraz has "Online Flagship Stores". They are not physical outlets/ stores.

How to cancel my Daraz Mall order?
Cancellations are easy! In order to cancel any order, check How to cancel the order?
https://youtu.be/dRlaV-HBqtY
NOTE: For prepaid orders, we will refund your amount as per our Refund Policy.

What are the delivery timelines of Daraz Mall products?
You may receive your parcel in a minimum of 1 Business day. Depending on where the delivery is made, different delivery times may apply.

How do I find Daraz Mall Products on Daraz?
Search for the items that you desire. options will appear on the left; choose Authentic Brands.
kc-oss-1707822204393-Group 2016.png

Daraz Games:

What is Daraz Candy and how do I access it?
Daraz Candy is an exciting in-app game available on the Daraz platform, designed to engage users and provide them with a fun and addictive gaming experience.
You can access Daraz Candy directly within the Daraz app. Simply look for the "Daraz Candy" icon or tab within the app's navigation menu. Click on it to start playing the game.
kc-oss-1693907990844-How to access Daraz Candy game.png

Can I use earned coins for other purposes within Daraz?
Yes, you can use the coins you've earned from Daraz Candy for other activities within the Daraz platform. You can redeem your earned coins for discounts on items, making your shopping experience even more rewarding.
pasted image 0.png

What happens if I uninstall the Daraz App? Will I lose my progress?
Uninstalling the Daraz app will remove the game from your device, but your progress is saved as long as you're logged in with your Daraz account. When you reinstall and log in again, your progress will be restored.

How do I use the different types of Boosters in Daraz Candy?
Boosters, such as Dye Potion, Hammer, Rocket, Swap, Missile, Bomb, Plane, and Lightning Ball, have unique effects in the game. You can use these Boosters strategically to help you clear challenging levels. To use a Booster, select it from your inventory during a level and follow the on-screen instructions.
candy.png
Note: After finishing level 8, you will be qualified to receive game boosters as a reward.

What happens if I run out of lives in Daraz Candy?
kc-oss-1695713967377-Group 29.png

How many levels are there in Candy Game?
There are currently 400 levels available in Daraz Candy. and additional levels will be added in the future.

How can I earn coins in Daraz Candy?
Complete 5 game levels daily to earn 700 coins, keeping in mind the 700-coin daily collection limit.

What are Boosters and how can I get them?
Boosters are special in-game tools that can help you progress through challenging levels in Daraz Candy. You can obtain Boosters in two ways:
Game rewards: Some levels will reward you with Boosters upon completion.
Exchange coins for Boosters: Use your earned coins to purchase Boosters that can give you an edge in the game.
Note: After finishing level 8, you will be qualified to receive game boosters as a reward.

Can I play Daraz Candy on multiple devices?
Yes, you can play Daraz Candy on multiple devices as long as you're logged in with the same Daraz account. Your progress and earned rewards will be synced across devices.

How to play Daraz Candy?
Swap candies to match sets of 3 or more in identical colours. Matched candies will be eliminated and other candies above will be shifted down. Fulfil level targets in order to clear the level and get stars.
pasted image 1.png

What if I encounter technical issues or have questions about the game?
If you experience technical difficulties or have questions about Daraz Candy, you can reach out to our customer support team. They're available to assist you and address any concerns you might have.
pasted image 2.png

Can I play Daraz Candy without an internet connection?
No, Daraz Candy requires an active internet connection to play. This ensures that your progress and rewards are properly recorded and synchronized with the game servers.

What are the terms and conditions for Daraz candy?
Your participation is subject to our game terms and conditions of participation, Daraz’s user terms and conditions, and all other applicable policies as amended from time to time, digital goods terms & conditions, terms and conditions for the Daraz coins program, and Daraz’s Privacy Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, the Coins referred to and used in Daraz Candy shall refer to Daraz coins and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Daraz coins program.
Rewards have no cash or monetary value, and may not be exchanged for currency in any form. Under no circumstances shall Rewards be purchased, resold or transferred by, or to, Users, for monetary value or otherwise. Save for where expressly permitted by Daraz, Rewards shall not be regarded, construed, implied, or used as valuable or exchangeable instruments under any circumstance.
The quantity of Rewards issued to you, the conversion rates amongst items received in the Game, and Coins is determined by Daraz and may change from time to time at its sole discretion.
Daraz may cancel or void any Rewards to you, where it determines or reasonably suspects that you have breached any specific game rules, or any applicable terms and conditions applicable to users on the Platform. If for any reasons any aspect of the game is not capable of running as planned, including by reason of computer virus, communications network failure, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failure or any cause beyond the control of Daraz, Daraz may cancel, terminate, modify and/or suspend the game and invalidate any affected activities, or suspect or modify the Rewards.
Daraz reserves the right to modify the How to Play rules, the Program Duration, Rewards, and these Terms and Conditions in its sole discretion and will notify you of such changes as they take place in a manner that Daraz deems appropriate. Your continued participation in the Program constitutes your deemed acceptance of any such changes.

Are there any limitations to using earned coins and rewards?
Yes, there are certain terms and conditions associated with the use of earned coins and rewards. They cannot be exchanged for real currency, resold, or transferred. Additionally, Daraz reserves the right to modify the expiration dates of rewards and update terms as needed.

Daraz Bills:

Why am I unable to make the payment for Daraz Bills?
If you are facing an error in making a payment, it is possible that
You typed the wrong payment information or due to some technical difficulties.
You can update your card information or try again later, but if the problems continue,
You may contact your bank or payment partner's facilitation center for help. 
Note: if the problem is not from your bank or payment partner then please contact us via Live Chat for more assistance.

What to do if I’m facing the issue of Incorrect OR outdated bills?
Please check the following if you are facing the issue of Incorrect or Outdated bills:
Make sure that you are inserting the correct Account / Customer ID.
Make sure that your current bill is generated from the relevant company (e.g. K.E)
In case each and everything is verified yet the issue exists, please reach out to us on Live Chat.

What is an Account Number shown on Utility Checkout page?
Account Number is an 8-15 digit number printed on your bill, which is also referred to as one of the following by different service providers:
Reference Number
Account ID
Customer Number
Consumer Code
kc-oss-1655462523346-Dbills accounts.png

What is Daraz Bills?
Daraz Bills is a facility for Daraz customers to pay their utility bills on Daraz App. We offer Water, Gas and Electricity bill payment for over 20 companies.
Following service providers are listed on Daraz Bills:
kc-oss-1690267582692-image.png
You can use the following payment methods for Daraz Bills:
Credit / Debit Card
JazzCash
Easypaisa Wallet
HBL Bank Account
Internet Banking / UnionPay Card to make payment
Daraz Wallet
To know more about Daraz Bills, please watch the video below
https://youtu.be/Zz7e_APPU1E

What are mechanics of paying utility bills?
A customer may place a maximum of 3 orders (Bills) in one month.
A buyer would be able to pay 100,000 Rs per bill.
Customers won't be able to place an orders of more than 180,000 Rs in each month.
An error message ""Transaction restricted. Please try again in few days"" will be displayed to every customer who exceeds the limitation.

How do I pay my bills on Daraz app?
Check What is Daraz Bills?

Can I cancel my utility payment?
Once you've made the payment of your utility bills you can't cancel it

What are delivery timelines and return policy for Daraz Bills?
Payment will reflect in a maximum of 24 - 48 hours in the Utility company account. For PTCL the payment will be done in real-time.
There is No Return Policy for Daraz Bills.

What are the guidelines when filling out required fields on Daraz Bills?
Please check the following when filling out the required fields:
Do not use capital words when inserting any Customer/Consumer ID
If the current bill is not showing and the old bill record is reflecting
For the KWSB bill, only insert the Consumer ID
In case, you have inserted all the correct details and are still facing the issue of Data not Available, then you may reach out to us via Live Chat.

Daraz Mart:

How can I avail Free Shipping on Daraz Mart?
This offer is only applicable on Daraz mart items.
All users are eligible to utilize Free Shipping.
For Karachi, Islamabad & Lahore:
Discount will apply directly on checkout and it is flat free shipping on the minimum order value of Rs. 4000.
Customer order limit is set to 5 per month.
For Non Karachi, Islamabad & Lahore:
Customer have to collect the voucher & voucher will only reflect to Non Karachi & Lahore Customers.
It is flat free shipping on the minimum order value of Rs. 6000 along with the max cap of Rs.1000.
Customer order limit is set to 2 per week.

What is Daraz Mart?
Your daily grocery shopping is just a few taps away. Daraz brings Daraz Mart - the perfect solution to your day-to-day grocery shopping.
From groceries, snacks to beauty and care, we have got you covered! Daraz Mart makes sure that all the products delivered to you are genuine and fresh! The products are delivered through express delivery to ensure fast delivery of goods (express delivery in Karachi & Lahore only)

What are the delivery timelines for Daraz Mart products?
You can find the estimated delivery timeline on the product page.
kc-oss-1666075626270-ED mall web.png

How do I identify the Daraz Mart product?
kc-oss-1689163072734-Group 9.png
To order a Daraz Mart product, login to your daraz app (Android operating system), please make sure that you have the latest version of the app installed
You can identify Daraz Mart products through the Daraz Mart tag on the product page

What is the return policy for Daraz Mart products?
The return policy for Daraz Mart is as follows:
Item is damaged, defective, or expired
Item is incorrect, counterfeit, or not as advertised
Item, freebie, or accessory is missing
If you have received the order with the broken seal, or you have received the rotten vegetables kindly contact our Care Champs (Live Chat) with the picture of the order and airway bill.
You can initiate the return request for Daraz Mart / Daraz Mall products within 14 days once the order status has been updated to “Delivered”. If the order has been delivered to you and the status has not been updated, it will be updated within 24-48 hours. The return window will only begin when the status has been updated and your return timeline will start from the Delivered status update.

How can I trust that the groceries delivered to me are fresh?
The products of Daraz Mall go through strict quality checks to ensure that the order delivered to you is up to the mark, for an optimal customer experience.

How to cancel Daraz Mart order?
In order to cancel any order before Shipped status please check out the following image:
kc-oss-1689327848312-image.png
If you are still facing any issues then contact us on Live Chat.

Daraz Live:

How can I change the video quality?
Viewers can alter the video quality between three levels (270P, 360P, 480P & Auto) where streaming service is deemed by default to be better based on the device's internet speed.
kc-oss-1691136122154-Slide1.png

What is Daraz Live?
Daraz Live is a new platform that allows sellers to communicate with Daraz App visitors in real time. Sellers have the option of going live and answering inquiries in real time.
This platform will allow buyers to see a video review of their favorite item, watch unboxing videos, and ask any questions they may have about the product before purchasing it. This assists customers in making the best decision possible.

How to place orders during Live Streaming?
Order placement during live streaming is very easy. If you like any product of the streamer then click on the “Add to Cart” option next to the item picture.
kc-oss-1641890667469-Video.png

Why am I unable to connect to the Live stream?
There is a glitch while watching the match, what should I do? / I am getting the error, "too many users, try again" What should I do? / Why i am unable to connect to the live stream?
When the device is connected to a VPN, this issue occurs. If you are using a VPN connection, turn it off and try again.

How do I report a stream?
kc-oss-1689680123328-Slide1.png

How to Collect Vouchers during a Live stream?
pasted image 3.png
To collect vouchers during a live stream, follow these steps:
Look for the pop-up voucher tab displaying the discount offer.
Click on the tab, which will redirect you to the voucher section.
Review the terms and conditions and check the minimum spend requirement, if any.
To Check how to redeem them please check What are Daraz Vouchers and how to use them?

How can I watch the stream without seeing any comments?
By swiping right, the viewer can activate "quiet mode," which hides the feed (comments, likes, products, and so on). By swiping to the left, viewers can turn off quiet mode.

How can I follow a streamer?
Click on any video of the seller to follow a streamer live/past/coming. Click on follow next to the seller's name. Once the seller is followed, the status will appear as following.

When a specific seller of my interest goes active, how may I receive a notification?
Follow a streamer to receive a notification. Viewers can receive a notification when a streamer is going live, or when the reminder is being set live on a stream. You will get up to two notifications per day.

What will be the duration of the live videos?
Daraz encourages all sellers to keep it small to hold their customers' interest. The videos are usually 5-15 minutes long.

Why do I receive a notice saying, "This voucher is fully collected"?
Collectible vouchers are always in limited quantity and if the coupon quantity is fully exhausted, the viewer will see the message "This voucher has been fully collected". Platform vouchers will say, "Daraz Voucher" while others will not have any title.

How do I get Live Streaming videos on App?
You can access Daraz Live and follow your favourite live session by following the steps below.
kc-oss-1691135208150-Daraz Live.png

Why do I see the "Presenter is away" message? / Why do I see the "Streamer is away" message?
When a network issue arises, this notice will appear. Please check your internet connection to continue watching the live stream. The video quality may also be affected due to unstable internet connection.

Daraz Club:

Can I avail discount from coins?
Yes you can use coins to avail discount. You can avail of a maximum discount of Rs. 80 against 8000 coins also the minimum order limit is Rs. 1000.

How can I check the status of my Daraz Club membership?
Follow the steps given below to check the status of Daraz Club membership.
kc-oss-1691146146845-Regional Daraz Club.png
Note: As soon as you qualify, you will enjoy the benefits of being a Daraz Club member for the current period and the next period. This means you will always have at least 12 months of benefits to enjoy!

What is the Daily Check-in for Daraz Coins?
kc-oss-1697096145177-Daily limit.png

What is my Redemption limit for coins?
The redemption limits for the coins shall be follows:
The maximum number of coins redeemed by the customer shall be 8000 coins on daily basis and 16,000 coins on weekly basis.
Once the customer has reached the maximum daily or weekly redemption limit, the customer will not be able to redeem any more coins for the day or week.
The customer shall be able to track their redemption limit progress on the redemption progress bar on the coins page.
The redemption limit progress of the customer shall be refreshed at 0:00 everyday for daily redemption limit and Monday 00.00 every week for weekly redemption limit.
Daraz reserves the right to change the maximum redemption limit of coins applicable for everyday and week as well as conditions mentioned in this Clause from time to time without further notice to the customer.
The maximum discount percentage applicable per order will be 2% but the same will depend on the number of coins redeemed by the customer.

What is my collection limit for coins?
The collection limits for the coins shall be follows:
Customers can earn 4000 coins on a daily or 8000 coins on a weekly basis
Coins are locked against each order according to daily/weekly limit at the time of order placement. Once the order is delivered the coins will be available for use in the Coins Balance section on the Daraz Club page.
Once the customer has reached the maximum daily or weekly collection limit, the customer will not be able to collect any more coins for the day or week.
The customer shall be able to track their collection limit progress on the collection progress bar on the coins page.
The collection limit progress of the customer shall be refreshed at 0:00 everyday for daily collection limit and Monday 00.00 every week for weekly collection limit.
Daraz reserves the right to change the maximum collection limit of coins applicable for everyday and week as well as conditions mentioned in this Clause from time to time without further notice to the customer.

How to join the Daraz Club?
You need to complete 2 criteria before becoming a member:
(a) Placed at least 4 orders in the last 6 months
(b) Spend a total of Rs 8,000 in the last 6 months
Once you achieved above 2 criteria, you will automatically become a member

Why am I unable to redeem coins on my order?
In order to redeem coins, you must fulfil the following criteria:
Only eligible products with coins-discount can be purchased with coin redemption.
You need to have sufficient coins in your balance.
You have not exceed your daily or weekly coin redemption limit.

Will my coins expire if I'm a Daraz Club member?
Yes, your coins will expire in 6 months from the date they have been collected.
For example, you collect your coins on 1st January 2024. Their expiry will be on 30th June 2024.
You can check the expiry of your coins by following these steps:
kc-oss-1705399666252-Group 1988.png

How can I earn Coins?
You can earn the coins from:
Daily Check-in
Delivered Orders
Daraz Candy Game

How can I view the coin collection and redemption progress?
kc-oss-1705400337913-Group 1990.png

What is Daraz club and how do I qualify for it?
Daraz Club is a membership program that rewards shoppers with exclusive benefits. Go to Benefits of becoming a member of Daraz Club to view benefits available to Daraz Club Members.
Start collecting as many coins as you can to enjoy the benefits of Daraz Club.
As soon as you have collected enough coins to qualify, you will become a Daraz club member. After becoming a Daraz Club Member, you can redeem the coins accumulated in your Daraz Account in exchange for discounts on your next purchase from Daraz’s App at the time of checking out and can enjoy other exclusive member benefits.
You can earn coins through:
Purchase of Rs. 1 /- (One Rupee) is equivalent to 100 coin (“collection exchange rate”).
To Join Daraz Club a customer should have 8,000 Coins limit.
You can collect 4000 Coins per day and 8000 coins can be collected weekly.

What are the Benefits of becoming a member of Daraz Club?
By becoming a member, you can enjoy
- Up to 3 monthly exclusive VIP vouchers that only members can use
- Upsize coins earn from your purchases
- Collect upsize amount of coins from daily check-in in coins page
To check your progress and the coins please check How can I view the coin collection and redemption progress?

Digital Goods:

How do I navigate to digital goods?
Please follow the steps below to buy a digital good:
Sign in to the Daraz app and select "Pay."
kc-oss-1656068651070-Slide1.png
Choose the category from which you want to shop.
kc-oss-1656068666831-Slide2.png

What is the delivery timeline of Digital Goods?
Once you have registered and made the payment, you will receive your digital good(s) within 24 hours and Gift card below Rs. 10,000 within 2 working days & Above Rs. 10,000 within 4 working days.

What is favourite number?
kc-oss-1679473079378-image.png
Here's how the Favorites Number feature for mobile top-ups functions:
The top-up module lets you choose your network, phone number, and top up type (prepaid/postpaid/package).
Toggle the "save as favorite" option to "yes" to save top up transaction as favorite.
The saved as favorite transactions shall appear under the favorites tab for each mobile service, for prepaid, postpaid & packages.
On the front end, the top five favorites will be displayed in descending order of usage.
To enable faster checkout the next time, simply choose your favorite transaction appearing, as explained above, & tap on "Top up now" to proceed to payment.

What are the payment methods available for Digital Goods?
Digital Goods can only be ordered via pre-payment methods. Below are the payment methods available for Digital Goods:
Credit/Debit Card
HBL Direct Transfer
JazzCash
EasyPaisa
Daraz Wallet

What is Digital Goods?
You can receive goods from digital retailers or "e-stores" via email. The following are the main features of the digital goods that Daraz sells:
Exclusive Discounts:
Online shopping is a hassle-free way to buy various things from various retailers.
Hassle-free Digital Payments:
Make a simple, safe, and convenient payment
Instant Delivery:
Gift cards are sent within 2 working days and digital goods take 24 hours to deliver to your registered email.
Note: For digital orders, Saturday and Sunday will not be considered working days.

How to do mobile Top-up?
kc-oss-1691149829441-Top UP.png
For Mobile top-up, please follow the steps below:
Tap on "Pay" Icon
Click on any "Telco Provider logo" to proceed towards Top Up screen
Select your network
Enter the phone number or select a number from your contacts
Select your type of network (prepaid/postpaid) or select packages for bundles and offers
Enter or select the amount you want to top up & tap on "Top Up Now"
Next, select the payment method & tap on "Pay Now"

How to initiate a return request for Digital goods?
To initiate return request for digital goods please follow the steps mentioned below
kc-oss-1692254424177-Digital Good ORF.png

Can i return Digital goods?
Now you can initiate the return request for Digital goods Items!
If you have any concerns with your Digital goods purchase, such as Incorrect code, code not received, expired code or any other complaints please initiate a return request once the item is marked delivered.

What is Top Up?
With only a few clicks, you may recharge your mobile phone with the Daraz app.
With the new Daraz Mobile top up option, you can quickly recharge your phone on the cellular network of your choice with prepaid, postpaid, and bundle packages.
dccabf34-c545-4485-be22-1ab8014097fd_PK-1188-505.png

What are the available categories on Daraz Digital Goods?
Following are the Digital Goods or E-stores available at Daraz:
Bills: You can pay your Utility Bills online from Daraz now just be relaxed and pay online anywhere.
Mobile Recharge: Get your mobile recharge without any hassle, use your mobile data packages and make calls without any worries now so get your online recharge today
Coins: To get the coins, complete all of the daily missions to get a discount on the products you desire.
Games: Download the games to entertain yourself with the multiple collections of games
Entertainment Cards: This includes Gaming Gift Cards and Entertainment Subscriptions. You can also gift E-Gift cards to your loved ones which they can redeem without spending any penny
E-Learning: You can now buy the Massive Open Online Courses at discounted prices and learn skills from accredited sources

How can I get my digital goods delivered?
Your digital goods will be delivered to the registered email address within 24 hours, and gift cards will be delivered in 2 working days for order under Rs. 10,000 and 4 working days for order above Rs. 10,000.
NOTE: Delivery of Digital Goods is not applicable on Saturday and Sunday.

ONIC:

I have not received any email after placing my order on Daraz? What should I do?
Please ensure that the purchase was successfully completed on Daraz. If yes, and you have still not received any email address, please contact Onic customer happiness team at happiness@Onic.com.pk

In the event that I mistakenly enter an incorrect email address, what do I do?
Please ensure that the email address entered is correct. In case an order has been placed with an incorrect address, the order will have to be cancelled and a new order must be placed.

How do I visit/buy from Onic on Daraz?
You can access by visiting the Onic store on Daraz
pasted image 4.png
Every Pakistani over the age of 18 years is allowed to purchase a SIM card under their name.Moreover, under PTA regulations, an individual is allowed to have up to five voice SIM and three data SIMs under your CNIC. Therefore, before ordering, please ensure that you have 4 or less SIMs registered under your CNIC in order to avoid cancellations.
Note: You can make a payment using online methods, such as prepaid options, and securely verify it with a one-time password (OTP).

How can I port my existing mobile number to Onic?
To port your existing mobile number to Onic, you will need to follow these steps during the onboarding journey:
a) Select "Port-in" and enter your current mobile number and current mobile operator.
b) Enter the One-Time Password received on your existing mobile number.
c) Enter the personal details, provide the details for door-step delivery and choose the delivery slot.
d) Review the order details and make the payment.
e) Upon the successful biometric verification and SIM handover by our rider, login the Onic app and activate your SIM by clicking the "Activate" button.
f) [Important Step] At this stage, you can initiate the port-in request by:
Sending an SMS 'MNP' to 667.
Sending the response received from the above SMS to 76333
Please ensure that you send these SMS after activation otherwise your port-in request will not be acknowledged by Onic.
g) Once the porting process is completed, you will receive the updated status on your Onic app.
h) On successful port-in, your mobile number will be transferred to Onic and your SIM card is ready for use.
i) Please insert your SIM in your phone to start using your Onic SIM.
Important:
Please note that to initiate your port-in request, you need to SMS 'MNP' to 667 and send the received response to 76333. Please make sure that you initiate your port-in request AFTER activation.
Please Do NOT terminate your existing number with your current mobile operator. Otherwise, Onic won't be able to port-in your number to their network!
Your service with your existing mobile network will be automatically terminated after we've successfully transferred your number to Onic. Till that time, you can keep using your existing number.

Do I get any other benefits on buying an Onic SIM through Daraz?
When you order an Onic SIM from Daraz, you'll automatically become a distinguished member of Onic's prestigious Founder's Club. As a member, you'll enjoy a range of exclusive benefits, including:
Discounted Plans: Gain access to special discounts on all Onic plans, ensuring you receive the best value for your mobile services.
Unlimited Calls and SMS: Enjoy unlimited calls and SMS included with each plan, allowing you to stay connected without any additional charges.
Golootlo Voucher: Receive a Golootlo voucher worth Rs. 600, offering you savings on a variety of goods and services.
Daraz Voucher: Get a Daraz voucher worth Rs. 300, which can be used for shopping on the Daraz platform.
Free Pandapro Subscription: Enjoy a complimentary one-month subscription to Pandapro.
Careem Voucher: Receive a Careem voucher worth Rs. 750, giving you the opportunity to take advantage of convenient and discounted ride-sharing services.
These exclusive benefits are our way of showing appreciation for choosing Onic as your mobile service provider.

Which cities is doorstep sim delivery available for?
Sim delivery is only available for Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Faisalabad, Hyderabad, Sialkot, Peshawar, Gujranwala and Multan. For any other city, sim delivery is not available.

What is Onic?
Onic is a digital telco service offering SIM cards and mobile plans for purchase.

How do I choose a SIM card and How can I activate my Onic sim?
pasted image 5.png
If you already have an Onic sim associated with your email address you will be automatically eligible for the plan and it will be updated on your number.
In the case that you don’t have an Onic sim associated with your email address, you will be taken to the sim journey and will get the selected plan with the sim.
You can activate your SIM card through the Onic app or web-based application after your BVS verification is successful. Upon successful login, you can click on the "Activate" button, enter or scan the ICCID code from the SIM package provided and start using Onic services. Please note that sim activation can not be done on Daraz.

Global Collection:

Do the Global Collection products have warranty?
The Global Collection products do not have Warranty, To know more about the Warranty on products, please check Warranty Policy

What is the cancellation policy of Global Collection products?
Daraz cannot halt the delivery of the product since the import process has started. Therefore, after it has arrived at the China warehouse, you cannot cancel your order (Change of mind is not applicable).
You can contact us via Live Chat, we will facilitate you accordingly.

What is the delivery timeline of Global Collection products?
Global / Overseas products are internationally sourced products and take 18 - 24 flat days to be delivered to your doorstep. To know more about the Global Collection range at Daraz, please visit Global Collection.
Note: The maximum limit for orders of overseas items is Rs. 5000. No orders can be placed for more than Rs. 5000.

What are Global Collection products?
Global Collection or Overseas items are globally arranged items, delivered to your doorstep while keeping up the unmatched Daraz shopping experience. The following are the key features of the Global Collection offered by Daraz:
Overseas Brands:
High Quality International Products from around the globe
Order Limits:
The maximum limit for orders of overseas items is Rs. 5000. No orders can be placed for more than Rs. 5000
Lead Time:
Products are internationally sourced and take18-24 flat days to be delivered
Easy Return:
7 Days Easy Return policy *Change of mind is not applicable to the Global products
Express Delivery:
Daraz Global Collection Express Delivery products are delivered within the given timeline on the product page *On Selected Products
Warehouse Clearance:
70% off & above with our weekly Warehouse Clearance Sale *On Selected products
Follow:
Follow your favorite stores and get personalized recommendations, and stay updated on new products and discounts

What is the refund & Free & Easy Returns Policy of Global Collection products?
The refund policy of Global Collection products is similar to that of other products offered by Daraz. To know more about the refund policy, please check Refunds Policy.
The Global Collection products have 14 days easy return policy, *Change of mind is not applicable". To know more about the Free & Easy Returns Policy, please check Returns Policy.

How do I identify a Global Collection product?
Follow the below simple to shop for Global Collection product:
1. Login to your Daraz Account
2. Search the desired product in the Search bar
3. Click the bottom left filter icon, and select China as location
4. You can now view all global products on screen. Tap the desired product, and scroll down for more details

Fashion & Lifestyle:

Which brands are available at Fashion & Lifestyle stores?
Daraz Fashion & Lifestyle Store is a One-Stop Solution for all the fashion inspiration. You can have the largest assortment from local sellers, leading fashion brands, and international brands as well as the global collection and our very own private label. Find the perfect product for yourself from our collection of over 7 million products.
You can shop from a variety of brands based on your interests. Some of the brands listed in the Fashion & Lifestyle section are mentioned below:
FSL.png

What is the Fashion & Lifestyle Store at Daraz?
Daraz Fashion & Lifestyle Store is a One-Stop Solution for all the fashion inspiration. You can have the largest assortment from local sellers, leading fashion brands, international brands as well as the global collection, and our very own private label. Find the perfect product for yourself from our collection of over 7 million products.
Following are the key features of shopping for Fashion products from Daraz:
Deals to Steal:
Best deals at the lowest possible price
In-app Navigation:
The navigation is to help you filter out the pages and land you directly on one of your desired fashion categories
Top Brands:
Latest Brand offerings and discounts
Blogs
A step by step guide to help you shop for the desired product
https://youtu.be/gIICJQ-w2cc

How do I find Fashion & Lifestyle category at Daraz?
Finding the Fashion & Lifestyle category at Daraz is simple and involves the below-mentioned steps:
Open the Daraz app and click Fashion & Lifestyle
The In-App Navigation feature helps you filter out the pages and lands you directly on one of your interests.
You can choose your desired product from the Big Brands or the trending items.

What is the return policy of Fashion & Lifestyle item(s) at Daraz?
The return policy for the Fashion & Lifestyle products can be checked on the Product Display Page.
To know more about the return policy at Daraz, please check Return Policy

Which categories are available at Fashion & Lifestyle Stores?
The Fashion & Lifestyle section on Daraz is a One-Stop solution for all your fashion inspiration. You can shop for the following categories at the Fashion & Lifestyle stores at Daraz:
kc-oss-1603567362486-image.png
kc-oss-1603568947588-image.png

What is the order delivery timeline of Fashion & Lifestyle products at Daraz?
You can find the Order Delivery timeline of your desired Fashion & Lifestyle category item(s) on the Product Display page.

Daraz Affiliate:

What is Daraz Cares?
We exist to empower people and create economic opportunity, the good that emerges, is the impact - People building businesses on Daraz, NGOs raising funds, entrepreneurs learning skills and venturing into new markets, meeting customers and exploring opportunities to grow as a society; that's how we deliver happiness.
We aim to empower people in the following ways:
Daraz Charity & Donation
Daraz Campus Ambassador Program
Daraz Seller Stories
Daraz Community
https://youtu.be/c2Y_sOHE7LI

What is affiliate program?
The easiest way to monetize your online presence!
With millions of products and programs available on Daraz, content creators, publishers and bloggers use easy link-building tools to direct their audience to their recommendations and earn commissions on qualifying purchases.
Daraz Affiliates benefit from our global network of high-quality brands and attractive promotions.
Recommend products to your readers, followers, family, and friends! Earn Commissions and set up a new source of income today.
For more details please check Affiliate Details

How to sign Up Daraz Ambassador Program?
kc-oss-1708875490736-Group 2023.png

What is Daraz Ambassador Program?
Daraz Ambassador Program is an affiliate marketing program where you can earn cash from every purchase generated from your affiliate links.
kc-oss-1708874273693-Group 2022.png