Become a Seller:

What categories can i sell on Daraz?
Daraz has over 30 main categories of goods that you can sell your products in, including fashion, electronics,FMCG, lifestyle, health & beauty to name a few.
However, we do have items that are counterfeit, dangerous and prohibited by law or cultural norms which sellers must refrain from listing.

Is it worth it to sell on Daraz.pk?
kc-oss-1689676490133-Sell on Daraz D.png
The activities at the Learning Center of Daraz, also known as Daraz University, provide you access to the following:
Online Webinars or Bootcamp Trainings
Learning from the experience of Sellers
Exciting campaigns, tools, and services for sellers
Insights to engaging sellers and Rewards

How can I sell on Daraz?
If you want to start Apna Karobar and become part of a renowned online selling website in Pakistan, then Daraz is the place for you. With the Daraz seller center, you can set up a Daraz Seller Account and start making online sales in Pakistan!
The process of becoming a Daraz seller is very simple. All you need to do is to follow three simple steps which are mentioned below:
Register and list your products
Receive orders and sell across Pakistan
Get payments and grow your business.

What if incorrect information is submitted during Seller Signup?
In case there are any issues in your seller signup form, our verification team will guide you by highlighting the incorrect information after which you can simply resubmit.

Seller Support:

What is Daraz Commission?
Opening a shop on Daraz is completely free. However, Daraz does deduct a small percentage of commission from the payment of your orders. Each product commission depends on the type of category it falls under.

How to contact seller?
You can easily contact the seller through Daraz App/Website and ask a query about any product of your choice, just follow the steps below:
Login to your account on Daraz App/website with your registered credentials.
Search the product in the search bar.
Click on the product and you will find two options (Seller chat and Questions About This Product)
The "Seller Chat" option will appear on the right side of the product display page.
The "Question About This Product" option will appear at the bottom of the page.
Mention the complete query about the product in the Question Tab
You will get your response within 24 to 48 hours.

How to contact Seller Support Team?
Want to talk to our Seller Support team? You can call us at 021-111-735537 between 09:00 AM - 09:00 PM ( Mon-Sat ) or connect to our Seller Support team on Chat between 09:00 AM - 09:00 PM ( Mon-Sun )
For Desktop:
Login to your seller account through Seller Center
Go to Seller Help Center
Scroll down and tap on "Chat Now" 
For Daraz Seller App:
Download the Daraz Seller App and login to your seller account ( Android / IOS )
Go to "Me" section
Tap on Seller Help Center
Scroll down and tap on "Chat Now"

What is Daraz Seller Center and how does it work?
Daraz Seller Center is a platform made specifically for Daraz Sellers where you can receive orders and sell across Pakistan by registering your products and uploading them on Darazs online marketplace from where you receive the payment of your order directly in your account.
 