Product bundling:

What is the bundles return policy?
Customers must return all bundle products in order for the return to be processed. Returns claims will not be accepted for incomplete bundles.

Why should I create bundles?
Sellers can create bundles to differentiate their deals from competitors, especially in high-priced competitive categories
It's a great opportunity to sell low-cost items as part of a bundle
Bundles allow sellers to clear their inventory of whatever products they choose
Additionally, bundles are a foolproof way to attract customers and increase conversion rate, sales and enhance overall performance.

What happens when I am out of stock?
Your bundle will be automatically deactivated.
To reactivate, please add stock and go to Seller Tools > Bundles to reactivate the bundle.

What is Product Bundling?
Product bundling is offering several products for sale as one package or product. Sellers sell a package or set of goods for a lower price than they would charge if the customer bought all of them seperately. The bundle then attracts customers who would normally not buy the products without the bundle.

How to cancel a bundle?
Visit to the Seller Center > Seller Tools > Select bundles from the Seller Tools List > Deactivate the bundle.

In my promotions list, what does "status" mean?
Active means that a particular bundle is live on your store while deactivated means not live.

Frequently asked questions related to Product Bundles?
kc-oss-1708511478636-image.png

What are the types of Product Bundling?
Note: Only one type of bundle feature can be activated at a single time for a particular SKU. You must deactivate one bundle feature for that SKU in order to reactivate another.
Bundles: Quantity
A form of promotion that offers a special discount when a customer purchases multiple quantities.
A seller can sell numerous items of the same SKU at a lower price than if they were purchased separately.
Bundles: Buy 1 Get 1 Free
A common form of sales promotion also known as two for one
whilst the cost per item is proportionately cheaper than if bought on its own, it is not actually half price.
Bundles: Free Gift
Free gift bundle is a type of promotion where the customer gets a listed product at a 100% discount on the purchase of a specific product
Gifts are a great way to attract customers.
Bundles: Combo
A promotion where different products are sold together as a set with one or more items at discounted prices
Products with high views and sales mix with less popular products.
Check Guide to Creating Product Bundles

Custom-Made Product:

What is the Eligibility Criteria for customizing product?
For sellers to register themselves as a custom-made store, they have to fulfill the following criteria:
All products should be custom-made on the seller’s store OR at least 50% of the products are custom-made.
Minimum 5 customs products should be there if a seller is selling only custom made products

What are the Benefits of Product Customization?
Match Customer Demand
Increase sales and competitive edge
Customer engagement
Build brand loyalty
Gain market research

How to Register for Custom-Made Products?
To Register your Custom-Made Product Shop follow the steps:
Your shop must be registered with Daraz Platform
Contact our support team https://psc-alimebot.daraz.pk/intl/index.htm?from=LRFMr3gdWf
Raise a Request to change the status of your shop with custom-made products
Submit the required documentation and then your request will be proceeded

What are Custom-Made Products?
Customized products are unique and built-to-order.
Customers can modify and select the features of a product like the design, color and other specifications.
Examples include:
Custom T-Shirt & sweatshirts (design/color/size)
Custom phone cases
Customized Furniture

What is the Processing time for Custom-Made Products?
kc-oss-1706164300656-image.png

Stock and Price Management:

How to update the stock of a SKU?
Check Price and stock update (single product)

What happens when one of my products goes out of stock?
The Seller Center will automatically deactivate a product when it is out of stock.
The Seller is obliged to maintain inventory of all Products featured on the Platform and update its true inventory through the Seller Center on a daily basis.
In the event that the Seller reasonably anticipates that any Products sold on the Platform may go out of stock, it shall immediately update the inventory information in the Seller Center.
If an out of stock Product is shown as in stock on the Platform due to the Seller’s inability to update the correct inventory information for that Product on the Seller Center and a Customer places an order for the Product, the order may be cancelled and the Seller may be penalized for breaching Platform Policies.

How can I manage my stock for a single product?
To manage and update stock for a single product;
Log into Seller Center with your registered ID & password → Select the Products tab → Click on Manage Products
On the Product Overview page you can see all the products that you have listed
As you take the cursor close to the Available column, you will see a small pencil icon towards the right indicating that you can edit this
Change the stock quantity and click Done
Check Price and stock update (single product)

How to update the price of a SKU?
Please find below the steps to update your product prices:
Log in to the Seller Center from your registered account.
Click on 'Product' and select the 'Manage Products'
Click on 'Pencil' next to the price
Update the 'Price' in the pop-up window
Click on 'Update' to update the price.
The price of the selected product will be updated.
Check Price and stock update (single product)

How can I manage my stock if it is in bulk?
Log into Seller Center with your registered ID & password → Select the Products tab → Click on Manage Products
On the Product Overview page, click on the Import tab, A popup window will appear where you will see the Download Templates section
Click on Stock
Once you click stock, click on Download, Open this downloaded file to find all your SKUs along with their product names and quantities available to sell on Daraz
Update the stock quantity of SKUs you wish to update
Save this file
On the Product Overview page, click on the Import tab
Upload the excel file with your edited stocks
Click Done
Note: If your file has been successfully uploaded, you will see a green tick in the Import History tab
If the file did not successfully upload, you will see a red cross.
In this case, download the error report and make the correct changes as identified in the error report, and then re-upload.
Check Bulk Upload Products

Order Processing:

How can I download an order report?
Follow these steps to download an order report.
Step 1: Login to the seller center. Go to ‘Orders & Reviews’ Tab, Click on ‘Manage Orders’
Step 2: You will arrive at the ‘Orders Overview’ Page. Go to the relevant tab and export orders.
Go to the ‘Pending’ Tab---> Go to ‘Export’--->Click on ‘Export all orders’ or ‘Export all pending orders’ as per your
requirement
Step 3: Download the Export File
Choose the file, Click on Download
Step 4: Once the exported file is downloaded in CSV format, use “Open Office calc” to open the file.
Note: In the same way, you can download order reports for any tab whether; ‘Pending’, ‘Ready to Ship’, ‘Shipped’, ‘Completed’. Ensure that the correct tab is selected before you export. You can also choose the period for which you want to download the reports.

How will you be notified about your orders?
You will be notified through an Email notification and App notification every time you receive orders.

What should I do if a customer wants to cancel his order?
If a customer orders by mistake or for any other reason, the customer requests to cancel the order. Please instruct the customer to take the steps provided below in the steps.
kc-oss-1698299728236-How to cancel the order.png
Note: Daraz’s cancellation policy states that a customer can cancel his order from his Daraz account before the order is shipped out from Daraz’s warehouse or has been dispatched by the seller. If you have marked your order as shipped then you can take a screenshot of the conversation and contact us via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) 

What will happen if I cancel my orders due to any reason?
Daraz monitors cancellations very closely as it has a negative impact on customer satisfaction. If your cancellation rate exceeds 2% during a given week, your shop will be taken offline and the shop will then only be reactivated after taking operational excellence training and following Daraz operation standards.
kc-oss-1708586384046-image.png

Why does Failed Delivery Occur and how will I be notified about it?
Failed delivery may occur due to any of the following reasons:
Courier (3PL) issues
Unreachable customer - E.g: incomplete address, unreachable contact number
Item damaged by the courier
Item lost by courier
System issue
The delivery time took too long
Please follow the steps below to view delivery failed orders.
Go to the Seller Center → Manage Orders → Select Failed Delivery.

What do “ready to ship” and “shipped” mean?
kc-oss-1706172581697-image.png
Items are 'Ready-to-ship' when:
You have selected 'Ready to Ship'
You have printed the relevant documents including picklist (manifest), shipping label, and invoice.
Your items are properly packed and are ready to be handed over to Daraz for delivery to the customer.
The status of an order changes to “shipped” as soon as it is handed over to Daraz.

How do I change the status of an order to RTS?
To mark your order as Ready to Ship, please follow the steps below.
Log in Seller Center from registered Id
Select Manage Order from the dropdown menu under Order & Reviews.
When you arrive at the Order Overview page, you will be able to see all of your orders with the following status:
Pending
Ready to Ship
Shipped
Completed (Delivered, Cancelled, Returned, & Failed Delivery)
Click on Pending, to view your pending orders
Seller can also search the orders by:
Order No.
Customer Name
Product
Seller SKU
Payment
Start Date - End Date
You will see all of the pending order information; if you want to see more information, select the "+" option.
Click on Ready to Ship
A screen will appear, requesting the invoice number.
Sellers can import all orders or all pending orders by selecting from the drop down options 
They can also update all pending orders through a template, a sample can be download if needed 
You just need to fill the tracking number and upload through CSV 
Drop down options are available in the template - delivery type & Shipping provider 
Seller can RTS through the Action section
Once you click on RTS, a pop up will appear 
Sellers can create an invoice number & click to save invoice ID 
The invoice will be saved to your list of orders on the Orders Overview Page

How to manage orders?
On the homepage of ASC, sellers can easily review their whole performance.
Seller rating is also based on his performance on doing Shipped time & Cancellation rate.
According to SLA order PENDING to SHIPPED should be done within 48 hours.
Sellers can also see their order limit / daily limit to receive orders.
How do I RTS my order
When a seller will click on the Manage Order tab following tabs will be shown;
All
Pending
Ready To Ship (RTS)
Shipped
Delivered
Cancelled
Returned
Failed Delivery
Refund Only
When a seller will click on the Manage Order tab it will land on Pending Orders where the seller can see all his pending orders.
The seller can then go to the “Actions” tab.
As a seller they will have an option to do RTS, as soon as the seller will click RTS a pop up will appear to select a Delivery Provider.
How to “Ship” an order?
After you RTS an order, the next step is to mark it “Shipped”
Shipped Order:
Once the orders are on RTS, the seller will dispatch the order after putting the Invoice on the parcel
Make sure all the orders have a unique tracking number
All orders are timely shipped within the SLA
How to “Complete” order?
Once the order is marked “Shipped”, the next step is to mark it “Completed”:
Completed:
Status falls under complete
Delivered
Canceled
Returned
Failed Delivery
Refund Only

