Product Policies & Guidelines:

What are non-compliance points?
We at Daraz follow a certain set of protocols that we expect our sellers to follow. If a seller fails to comply with the provided set of policies and guidelines, they receive non-compliance points. These points reflect negatively on the Seller Scorecard.

What is the category restriction policy?
Daraz restricts the sale of certain categories on its platform. Please go through the list below to learn about our restricted categories, the reason for the restriction, and how you can sell items within these categories on Daraz. Categories other than these are open for listing without any restrictions involved.
You may get the authorization letter from the respective brand owner or distributor with their stamp on it as proof that they are allowing you to sell the products of their brand on Daraz's website. You may get the FBR registration certificate (in case of your own brand).
Check Category Restriction Policy and Certificate Example
You may get the dealership letter/certificate (in case of a specific brand) from the respective dealer as a proof that they are allowing you to sell the products of their brand on Daraz's website.
Once you have provided any of the relevant documents, your documentation will subsequently be reviewed for approval by Daraz in due course.

What are the guidelines for product photography?
Tips For Good Product Photography
Though there are different variations about how to photograph items for each category, the basics remain the same. The purpose of these tips is to teach sellers how to create product images that attract customers
Clear & high-quality images
Light or well-contrasted background
Adequate lighting & high visibility
Details are shown clearly
Multiple angles of the product shown
The background should be white 
What To Avoid In Product Photography?
There are certain points that sellers must keep in mind and avoid doing when it comes to product photography
The quality of your images will define the first interaction, the perceived value of your products, and your brand’s image with customers
Do’s
Take clear, high-quality photos
Photograph your product against a light background such as white, grey, light blue, etc.
Make sure there adequate lighting and product details are visible
Show your product through multiple angles  and sides
Don’ts
Take low quality or blurry photos
Have a distracting background either color-wise and by design
Take photos that are too dark for the  details to be visible
Only take photos from one angle or from a  wrong focal point that does not showcase  the product properly

Under what circumstances will my products be locked?
Your product will be locked if it falls in the following category:
Prohibited Product
Counterfeit Product
Product Duplication
Incorrectly tagged product categories
Misleading Product
Products with bad customer feedback

What is shipping rate policy?
Shipping fees are the charges received by Daraz to ship items to a buyer. For every order that is delivered, Daraz charges a certain amount from the customer as the shipping fee. However if the actual shipping fee is different than the estimated shipping fee due to incorrect weight or dimensions, then seller might be penalized with the difference in amount.
Shipping Fee is calculated according to either the physical weight of the product or the volumetric weight of the product, whichever is greater, however, shipping fee also varies based on seller-origin city, customer's destination city and delivery type (express or standard).
Check Rate Cards
It is important to fill in the correct weight and dimensions of your product.
However if the actual shipping fee is different than the estimated shipping fee due to incorrect weight or dimensions, then seller might be penalized with the difference in amount

What are the guidelines for product title?
Tips For Writing Product Titles
Product titles create the first impression about a product, as it’s the first thing customers see. Having the right product title raises discoverability, puts the products in front of more customers, and results in more sales. Paying close attention to basic content like product titles is an integral step in selling
kc-oss-1700477890366-image.png
How To Write Product Titles?
When writing a product title, it is important for the seller to keep all the before mentioned tips in mind
Though there are different categories with varying products available at Daraz, the format to be followed for the title is similar
A perfect product title follows a proper naming convention and offers only useful information such as brand name, model, specifications, color, etc. Keep in mind to mention details that are relevant to the type of product
Do’s
Write a short product title but make sure it  has adequate details
Mention product name, brand, and distinguishing features
Distinguish your items from other nearly identical products
Mention only necessary information
Don’ts
Write a title too short or too long with  inadequate details
Mention irreverent keywords to increase  search results
Make confusing and poorly formatted product titles
Mention product description in the title

What is the difference between a product lock and product deactivation?
Product deactivation and Product Lock are imposed on breach of any given guidelines and policy.
Product deactivated means that the product is inactive. Only active products appear in the store. Inactive products have no visibility. To reactivate the deactivated product, contact us.
Product lock means it can not be edited. To lift the product lock, you will need to contact us.

Which medical products can I sell on Daraz?
Check Medical Products List

Under what circumstances will my products be deactivated?
Your product will be deactivated if it falls in the following category:
Product with contact information
Fake Discounts
Keyword spam in product details

Where can I find the list for non-compliance points?
Check Non-compliance points list

What is Daraz’s policy regarding counterfeit products?
Daraz has a zero-tolerance policy for counterfeit products. Sellers can only have genuine products on their shop. Selling fake products is illegal and strictly not allowed on the platform.
If you are reselling a brand, make sure to research their policies regarding the matter and have adequate paperwork (brand authorization).
At Daraz, our goal is to build trust and confidence in our customers when they shop on our platform. This policy outlines the principles sellers must abide by regarding Intellectual Property (IP) infringement and the consequences that follow.
What is Intellectual Property Infringement?
Intellectual property (IP) refers to creations of the mind, such as inventions; literary and artistic works, designs, symbols, brand names, logos and images etc. A violation of an intellectual property right refers to IP infringement because similar to real property, intellectual property owners are granted exclusive rights and can enforce/sue upon these rights.
IP Infringement covers three main aspects:
Counterfeit Products
Items that are fakes or unauthorized replicas of real products. These cause confusion as they bear such similarities with real products that they are likely to deceive buyers into thinking they are made or sold by the original brand
Trademark Infringement 
Trademarks are legally registered or established by use as representing a company, brand, or product such as logos, taglines, slogans, designs & images. Unauthorized use of a registered trademark or use of one which is identical or confusingly similar to a registered trademark is infringement.
Copyright Infringement 
Copyright is the exclusive right that the owner of intellectual property has Unauthorized use of copyrighted material without permission (violation, piracy, or theft) is an infringement.
Daraz does not allow any IP infringement. In doing so, we aim to protect customers from getting counterfeit or unauthorized goods as well as brand owners and rights holders from copyright or trademark violations.
What are the consequences of IP Infringement?
Daraz takes strict action against sellers violating our policies regarding IP Infringement:
SKUs will be removed directly
Issuance of up to 24 non-compliance points
The shop will be deactivated if sellers continue to breach the policy
Seller may be reported to legal authorities

What are the product guidelines and policies?
Daraz has standardized Guidelines and Policies that all registered sellers must abide by
Misleading Product Information - Sellers must provide an accurate description and correct details of their products.
Counterfeit & Prohibited Products - No Seller will be allowed to sell counterfeit products or products not authorized to be sold on Daraz
Consequences of Breaching Policy - If the sellers breach any Daraz Policy or Guidelines, they have to face the warning and penalties involved

How many non-compliance points will lead to account deactivation?
If you receive 48 non-compliance points your store/account will be deactivated.
kc-oss-1706178809930-image.png

What are the guidelines for good content?
Content simply refers to the information you write about the product or service you are selling on Daraz. Content must be accurate and completed according to the format on the Seller Center – depending on your category. Basic guidelines are the same, however quite a few things differ category wise as shown below
Fashion Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477519473-Fas.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Fashion
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the fashion category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips:
- Shrugs will be tagged in sweaters & cardigans.
- Abayas will be tagged in Muslim wear > outerwear
- Ethnic Wear is a category for Indian dresses
- Buttons, laces, etc. will go in DIY accessories & others
- Organizers will be tagged in Makeup Bags & Organizers, not in Fashion
- Sports apparel which will be tagged in sports and not in Fashion
- Accessories – only Fashion belts, gloves, etc. will be approved
- Hair Accessories – only buns, hair ties, clips, etc.
- Baby bags will not be tagged in Fashion
- Smart watches with sim slot, GSM supported sims are not allowed
- Ring size is mandatory unless it’s adjustable
- Unstitched or stitched clothes are to be strictly checked before going live to ensure they don’t belong to official sellers
- Products with scribbled out brand names will be rejected
Image Format
Mandatory Images: At least 2 (Front and Back Pose along with a size chart)
Lifestyle images are also acceptable
- Image formats allowed: JPG, PNG, GIF
- Image Dimensions: Best dimensions are 1000x1000 pixels but images in the range between 1000x1000 and 2000x2000 pixels are also acceptable
- Maximum file size: 3 MB
- First image should be the main image and the front view of your product
- Background can either be white, off white, grey or ash
Health & Beauty Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477546200-HB.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Health & Beauty
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the health & beauty category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Color should not be tagged as Random
- For fragrances, provide volume (ML)
- Contact lenses: Power and package image is a must
- Electric hair removal tools such as trimmers, shavers, wax heaters, etc. Must have the power input in content
- Hair Removal Tools for Women will go in Hair Removal (Bath & Body), Hair Removal Accessories & Hair Removal Appliances (Beauty Tools)
- Hair Removal Tools for Men will be tagged in Shaving & Grooming
- Hair Styling Appliances is for straighteners, curlers, etc. and “Hair Styling” is for styling sprays and creams
- All men’s products will go in Men’s care
- High-end Makeup products such as ABH, Kylie, Mac, Tarte and Huda Beauty are all those brands that cost more than 5000Pkr. The miniature items like small pallets, lip colors cost less. (Around 3500)
- Make sure to use the correct brand names and match them with the product you’re selling
Baby, Toys & Kids Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477575350-BK.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Baby, Toys & Kids
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in Baby, Toys & Kids category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Color should not be tagged as Random
- Battery operated should be mentioned (e.g. Remote Controlled Toy)
- Battery requirement should be mentioned (e.g. 2AA batteries required)
- Age limit for toys should be specified (e.g. for ages 3 and above)
- Check tagging of items in Mother care and Baby care child categories
- There is a separate sub-category for remote controlled toys
- Die-cast cars are tiny toy cars that have a separate sub-category
- Legos is a separate brand of toy blocks. Product is considered a replica if brand is tagged as Legos, however the image depicts a different name on the box and price varies from original brand
Home & Living Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477595526-HL.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Home & Living
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Home & Living category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Ensure tagging is done up to the child category
- Specify material, color, price, package weight, and warranty of mattress, furniture and electronic items should be mentioned
- Differentiate between items that are cookware, bakeware and cooking utensils
- Differentiate between Kitchen storage items and other furniture storage
- Differentiate between lighting bulbs & lights, outdoor lights and decorative wall & ceiling lights
Appliances Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477613396-AC.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Appliances Guidelines
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Appliances category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Specify Power outage
- Mention length of warranty for appliance items
- Mention the region where appliance can be used (e.g. USA/UK)
- There are separate sub- categories for manual and automatic juicers
- Differentiate between blenders and grinders
- Differentiate between the various types of vacuums and tag in the proper child category
- Product is considered a replica if brand is tagged as Black & Decker, however the image depicts a different name on the box and the price varies from the original brand
TVs, Audio & Cameras Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477632114-TV.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In TVs, Audio & Cameras
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in TVs, Audio & Cameras category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Specify the warranty and provide image of warranty card
- Specify model numbers/codes of televisions and cameras
- Mention screen size of television
- Properly tag LED/Smart TV/UHD/3D television sets in the correct sub-category
- Differentiate between Bluetooth Earphones and regular earphones
Computing & Gaming Category Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477653461-PC
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Computing & Gaming
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Computing & Gaming category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Refurbished or new laptops needs to be clearly mentioned
- Differentiate between earphones, headphones and headsets by tagging earphones, headphones and headsets in the correct sub-categories
- Properly tag gaming and regular mouse or keyboards in the correct sub- categories
Video Games Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477676760-Games.jpg
Phone & Tablets Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477693816-phones.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Phone & Tablets
There are some very common mistakes made by sellers in the Phone & Tablets category. It is wise to try
and avoid these errors in order to not have quality control issues. Listed below are some tips;
- Correctly specify megapixels of camera
- Correctly specify micro sim or nano sim
- Correctly specify single sim or dual sim feature on phone
- Differentiate between smartphones and feature phones
Phone & Tablet Accessories Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477716987-Phone Accessories.jpg
Sports & Fitness Guidelines
kc-oss-1700477734131-Sports.jpg
Tips To Avoid Common Content Mistakes In Sports & Fitness
- Correctly label shipping weight for sports equipment and not the actual weight
- Sports clothing should not be tagged in fashion category
- Check items labelled as Nike, Adidas, Puma are genuine - because replicas will be rejected
Content Not Allowed
Mobile Fidget Spinners Walkie Talkies Weapons
Antenna/Signal Boosters
Drugs
Daggers Signal Jammers NY Logo Caps
PCB & PCL Merchandise

Store Policies & Guidelines:

What are the guidelines for buyer-seller communication?
1 . All Sellers are prohibited from conducting immoral/inappropriate behavior which includes but may not be limited to:
1.1. Sending inappropriate and unsolicited spam messages or emails to customers or other sellers.
Spam is a message or part of a message that is both unsolicited and commercial in nature. Unsolicited means that the recipient did not request the message. Commercial in nature means that the message discusses, buying, selling, and/or trading of goods and services.
Sending threats to customers or other sellers using any mode of communication i.e. phone calls, text messages, emails.
Displaying immoral behavior when answering customer questions on the Question and Answer Section. Example “Product is not expensive, you are poor"
Using profanities and/or hate speech on Daraz Platform in communicating with customers and/or other sellers.
2. Sellers are encouraged to “Report” the question instead of replying to a question that is rude and inappropriate in order to hide it from the Question and Answer Section.
3. All Sellers are prohibited from sharing their personal information /asking for contact details on the Product Review Platform and/or Question and Answer Section of Daraz Platform or Initiating Communication with Customers off of Daraz.
Example of sharing personal information: “Contact me at zero three four five…” or "Visit my website www.abc.com"
4. All sellers are prohibited from communicating with Daraz customers outside of the Question & Answer and Product Review Platform. Sellers are not allowed to induce buyers to conduct offline transactions.
Offline transactions are transactions that originate from the Daraz platform but are executed and completed outside of the Daraz platform. Sellers who are found and verified to have violated our platform rules, by inducing buyers to complete offline transactions, will be penalized.
5. All sellers are required to respond to buyers within the agreed time frame as part of all sellers’ commitment to being trustworthy and reliable.
6. Standard SLA to reply to a customer query will be within working hours.
7. Daraz is dedicated to creating a trusted platform, connecting sellers to buyers, that promises an amazing online experience. Daraz does not allow any sellers (or buyers) to deliberately create any form of an unhappy transaction, in any manner, for each party.
8. Self Promotion is prohibited: Sellers are not allowed to conduct fake conversations with intentions to increase their performance, in one way or another, on Daraz platform. Any seller who is found to have conducted fake conversations, or in a way or another collaborated with someone else to do it, to intentionally increase performance on Daraz will be penalized.
9. Sellers cannot under any circumstances ask the customer to cancel his/her order on their behalf since Daraz has a zero-tolerance policy against such buyer-seller interaction.

What are the multiple store guidelines?
The multiple stores guidelines policy provides rules and regulations for individuals or businesses who want to operate more than one store on a platform.
In order to provide a seamless seller and customer experience, Daraz discourages its sellers to operate with more than one shop. You are not allowed to run more than one shop on Daraz.
For further information, please contact our Seller Support team.
Guidelines Advisory
Sellers are strongly advised to conduct themselves in a fair and professional manner on Daraz. We do not tolerate compliance violations by sellers. Any seller who is found to have participated in any form of fair trade, seller behavior and product violations, Daraz will not hesitate to take further actions to maintain a trusted, reliable and a healthy eCommerce community.
Penalty for Failing to Comply
Sellers who fail to comply with the above rules may be issued up to 48 non-compliance points. This may result in an immediate deactivation of the seller.
Appeal
If sellers have received a notification for violation of policy, they can appeal by contacting our Seller Support teams.
Check What are the guidelines for buyer-seller communication?
Check What is fair trade policy?

How to calculate storage fee cost?
In order to continue providing the best possible services to our sellers and considering the marketplace recovery, we have implemented storage fee charges for items stored on marketplace consignment (FBD) with effect from 1st February 2023. 
The limit for free days will be 60 days and you will not be charged storage fee for any item that is kept in our warehouse for less than 60 days.
This means that any inventory with ageing of more than 60 days at the end of January 2023 will be charged a storage fee in the beginning of February 2023 as per applicable rate card. Please note this will be charged monthly for all items exceeding 60 days of ageing based on the stock at the last day of each month.
The storage fee will be calculated based on the space occupied by the inventory in terms of cubic feet and the ageing of the inventory (days in the warehouse). This amount will be charged on a daily basis. Details of the cost (prior to any applicable taxes) are as below.
kc-oss-1708419833410-image.png
Note: The charges for Ageing bracket more than 150 days will be changed to Rs.100 cost per cubic feet (PKR) per day that will be applicable from January 2024.

What is fair trade policy?
This Fair Trading Policy defines what are the fraudulent activities that sellers are not allowed to participate in. This is to inculcate professional and reliable seller behavior so that we can boost confidence and preserve the trust of shoppers for our platform.
Any breach of Fair Trading Policy may result in the issuance of up to 48 non-compliance points leading to restrictions (including deactivation) to the seller's account.
Check Fair Trade Policy Table
Fraudulent Dealing
Listed below is a non-exhaustive list of examples of fraud:
The seller obtains payment by providing goods, services or logistics information that are false or inconsistent with the description of the product listing.
Implementing fraudulent acts through third-party accounts
Sending a phishing link or Trojan virus information in order to defraud other people
Fraudulently using the name of Daraz and its affiliates or Daraz customer service
Anti Competitive Behaviour
Malicious order: refers to the seller's use of member accounts to place orders from other sellers, which affects the normal operation of other sellers, such as other sellers going out of stock
Malicious evaluation: refers to the seller using a member account to place orders from other sellers, and then leaving bad reviews and ratings.
Malicious Complaint: Seller A complains to the other sellers by himself or through a member account. The complaints of Seller A are completely baseless and intentions are to damage the goodwill of the sellers and attack the legitimate operations of the peer sellers.
Self Promotion:
Listed below are examples of such behavior, but is not limited to the following scenarios
A seller orders his/her own products to increase total order volume or increase flash sales ranking
A seller orders his/her own products and submit positive reviews for their own products and/or to improve its rankings
Voucher & Subsidies Abuse (Unlawful Profit Making):
Examples of sellers abusing vouchers and/or subsidies include, but is not limited to the following scenarios
Using illegal means to defraud the platform voucher, subsidies etc
The seller violates the Daraz platform policies and illegally profits through other means
Fulfillment Fraud
Tracking Misrepresentation: Seller tries to change the tracking details mentioned on freight bill for any reason. For example, filling invalid Airway bill details that are unrelated to the order transaction.
Misuse of Daraz Packaging: Daraz may also permanently delist a seller account if the seller is found using Daraz packaging for purposes other than shipping Daraz orders. Examples of these can be using Daraz packaging for transporting goods sold on other platforms, selling packaging material, etc.
Sending Empty Parcels/ Unrelated Items
Intellectual Property Rights Violation:
Daraz is dedicated to providing all buyers and sellers with the best selection of goods and to creating an amazing customer and online shopping experience. We do not allow listings that violate the intellectual property rights of brands or other rights owners.

