Seller Payment:

What is the payment cycle of Daraz?
kc-oss-1706180374057-image.png
If the order is received by the customer between the 1st to 7th of any month, the seller is paid by 5 working days from 7th
If the order is received by the customer between the 8th to 14th of any month, the seller is paid by 5 working days from 14th
In order to be eligible for payments, the Seller must always keep a copy of the signed airway bill (at least for 3 months) for products handed over to a Daraz certified shipping provider.

How to use the Seller Payout Calculator?
Calculating your product payout has never been this easy!
To help its sellers, Daraz has developed the 'Seller Payout Calculator.' You can quickly determine the possible compensation from selling a product on Daraz with this calculator.
To get started, you must first download the 'Seller Payout Calculator Excel file and then go through the user guide in the reference material to learn how to use it.
Q1.Is it possible to add more than one product to the Payout Calculator?
Ans:Yes, you may add more than one product to an excel sheet and then calculate totals for all of them.
Q2.What are the advantages of making use of a Seller Payout Calculator?
Ans: You can simply calculate your product commission, taxes, and Daraz fees with the help of the Seller Payout Calculator.
Q3.Can we use the Seller Payout Calculator to do Product Hunting?
Ans: You can easily assess the profit produced by each product by adding different products to Payout Calculator; this is how you can readily judge which product to sell.
Q4.What is the rationale behind the Seller Payout Calculator?
Ans: The Seller Payout Calculator is used for business planning, and it allows you to keep track of your sales and profit.

How much will I be paid for my orders?
The seller will be paid after deducting the following from all orders (prepaid or cash on delivery).
Daraz Commission ( Depending on Commission Structure )
1.75% Payment Fee (Subject to Provincial Taxes)
Handling Fee per item (Applicable on all items except those sold by digital goods or items sold on SOF model)
Items priced at PKR 1000 or less will have a handling fee of PKR 7.
Items priced between PKR 1001 and PKR 2000 will have a handling fee of PKR 10.
Items priced above PKR 2001 will have a handling fee of PKR 50.
The purpose of this change is to maintain a sustainable platform for all sellers. We hope you will not face any difficulty in understanding this change.
Penalties (If Applicable)
Pickup Service Fee (if availed by sellers in cities with DEX Coverage). Charges are 120PKR per package for bulky items (8kg and above) and 30PKR for non-bulky pickup (less than 8kg). .
Any other service fee (If Applicable)

Can I get my amount on any other financial channel?
No, you can not get your payout on any other channel. Only an Inter-Bank Funds transfer is used to pay the seller.
What should I do if I do not receive full payment?
If you haven't received your payment, check your account statement in the seller center, you might have received any deduction due to the return of your item. If there isn’t any deduction then do contact our Care Champ via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday)
He will check the required details and will escalate the complaint if needed.
To learn more about the account statement check Account Statements PK

What can be the reasons for late payments?
The reasons can be as follows:
Account related Issues:
Account Verification detail is not on the portal
Account Number is incorrect
Fraudulent activity
Hold - Legal Name mismatch
Seller placing Order from their own ID
Seller Name changed
Incorrect CNIC NTN number
Bank related Issues:
Negative Amount
Rejected by Bank
Dormant Account
Hold- NBP/Bank of Khyber
Bank Portal not working
You may contact our care champ via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) for more details.

How to calculate the net payout?
You can easily calculate your net payout by the below equation:
Net seller payout: Item price - Commission - Shipping fee - Payment fee - VAT
kc-oss-1634199501665-2FA084E8-6490-4382-9183-FEEEF1B7A823.png
Note: PKR 5 Handling Fee per item (Applicable on all items except those sold by digital goods or items sold on SOF model)

Seller Financing Policy:

How do I apply for a Seller’s Financing?
To apply for seller financing , log in to your seller center account and navigate to the seller financing section on the left side panel. Follow the application process and provide the necessary information and documentation as requested.
kc-oss-1697928144964-Group 1986.png

How to save the loan form in draft?
kc-oss-1697929232092-Group 1983.png

What is the maximum Financing limit I can receive?
The maximum financing limit available to you will depend on your GMV, Seller payout, AOV, Seller registered city, Seller Industry. It will be determined initially and be visible to you on the portal.

Who is eligible for the Daraz Seller Financing?
Eligibility criteria may vary from time to time, but typically, sellers with a proven track record of consistent performance on our platform are more likely to qualify for this financing program. As a general rule, the following eligibility criteria are taken into consideration:
GMV
Seller payout
AOV
Seller registered city
Seller Industry

Is this Financing Shariah compliant?
Yes, this is a shariah compliant solution as confirmed by our lending partner.

Is there an interest rate on the Seller Financing?
A financing service fee will be charged on the financing amount, details of the same will be displayed to you during the application process.

What are the repayment terms for seller Financing?
Financing will be repaid in 4 equal weekly installments, directly deducted from your weekly payouts at Daraz. Details will be displayed to you in the financing application process.

What is a Daraz Seller Financing , and how does it work?
Daraz Seller Financing is a working capital financing solution offered by Daraz in collaboration with its lending partner that allows eligible sellers easy and affordable access to financing based on their sales history and performance on our platform. It's designed to help sellers manage their cash flow and grow their businesses.

Why my Financing request is rejected?
Some of the following eligibility criteria are not incomplete:
GMV
Seller payout
AOV
Seller registered city
Seller Industry

What happens if I miss a payment on my seller Financing?
If the weekly instalment is missed due to insufficient seller payout based on his/her platform sales, then the due amount will be rolled over to the next weekly instalment. At the financing tenure end, if the full due amount is not cleared, then the financing will be in delinquency and Daraz will make an attempt to collect the due in subsequent weekly instalments for 30 more days.
Missing a weekly payment will negatively impact your financing score on our platform. It's essential to ensure sufficient sales are being made regularly on the platform to enable smooth collection of due weekly instalments.

Commission & Charges:

What are the different types of fees that daraz charges?
Daraz charges the following fees upon delivery of a product to a customer for each order that is fulfilled by Sellers
kc-oss-1709195201269-Seller Center graphics.jpg
Note: PKR 5 Handling Fee per item (Applicable on all items except those sold by digital goods or items sold on SOF model)
For all orders (prepaid or cash on delivery) the seller will be paid after the deduction of the above fees. Please check the link to know more about Daraz's payment policy.

What is the commission percentage for different categories?
We are pleased to inform you that according to our annual review, we've revised our commission structure
Go to the seller center.
Go to Account and settings
Click on the Profile.
Go to the commission section.
Search for the categories you want to look for on the search bar.

What is Sales Tax Withholding & how it is charge?
1% Sales Tax will be withheld by Daraz on the value of your taxable supplies made through the Daraz platform IF:
1. You are a Tier-1 Retailer AND not an active sales tax filer with FBR.
OR
2. If your CNIC/NTN # is not updated/incorrect on Daraz
Tier 1 Retailer Definition as per section 2 (43A) of the Sales Tax Act, 1990 is:
A retailer operating as a unit of a national or international chain of stores;
A retailer operating in an air-conditioned shopping mall, plaza, or center, excluding kiosks;
A retailer whose cumulative electricity bill during the immediately preceding twelve consecutive months exceeds Rupees twelve hundred thousand;
A wholesaler-cum-retailer, engaged in bulk import and supply of consumer goods on a wholesale basis to the retailers as well as on retail basis to the general body of the consumers”
A retailer, whose shop measures one thousand square feet in area or more or two thousand square feet in area or more in the case of retailer of furniture;
A retailer who has acquired the point of sale for accepting payment through debit or credit cards from banking companies or any other digital payment service provider authorized by State Bank of Pakistan; and
Any other person or class of persons as prescribed by the Board.
If you are an Active Taxpayer (Filer) this policy will not be applicable to you.
Daraz will verify your ATL status every Monday for weekly payment deduction.
If you are a Tier-1 Retailer but not on FBR's Sales Tax Active Taxpayer list:
Please register yourself as a taxpayer 
If you are already registered with FBR but are inactive:
Please file your tax returns on time and ensure that your sales tax status is active
If your CNIC/NTN number is incorrect on Daraz:
Please contact our Seller Support System to update your CNIC/NTN number.
What are the goods taxable at the Standard rate?The sales tax withholding of 1% under serial no. 8 of the Eleventh Schedule is applicable on all the taxable goods irrespective of the rates of sales tax applicable on such products (i.e. whether standard or reduced rate).
How do I Calculate my 1% withholding?
This can be calculated by applying 1% on the item price (Net of seller discount).
Does this withholding of 1% apply to the individual sole proprietor?
Yes, any person falls within the definition of Tier 1 Retailers.
How should I register myself with FBR?
Please register yourself as a taxpayer by following a simple step-by-step guide here.
Will certificate/challan shall be provided against the seller’s name?
The Sales Tax withheld from Inactive sellers cannot be adjusted as per law; Therefore, no challans/certificates are required to be issued.
For more details, please check Tax Consultants or 1 percent Tax Withholding

When are financial penalties imposed & what is their fee structure?
For the following undesired cases, see the financial penalties below.
Sending a “wrong” item or a “counterfeit” item as opposed to what was advertised by the seller.
Confirming the RTS status on an order but not fulfilling the same leading to order cancellation.
If the product price is less than Rs. 3000 then the penalty charged is Rs. 500.
If the product price is between Rs. 3000 to Rs. 10000 then the penalty charged is Rs. 800.
If the product price is greater than Rs. 10000 then the penalty charged is Rs. 1500
If the seller continues to repeat this policy then he will be charged with the addition amount which is 10% of the total payout of the specific cycle.
kc-oss-1707300145055-image.png
Note: If a 'Returned Item' or 'Delivery Failed Item' is not returned back to the seller within 30 days from being shipped, the seller can file the claim for compensation.

Account Settlement:

How do I locate and read my account statement?
Follow the below steps to export the account statement
Step 1: Log in to your Seller Center with your registered ID & password
Step 2: Go to the "Finance" tab and click on "Account Statements"
Account Statement Explanation
The Orders section captures all the transactions pertaining to delivered orders
The Returned section captures all the transactions pertaining to returned or cancelled orders
Claims & Others Services section captures all the transactions pertaining to other adjustments

How can I change my bank details?
Please follow the following steps to change bank details in the seller center:
Seller Center > Account & Setting > Profile > General > Bank Account
Fill in all required details and click on the Submit button.
Once you update the account details on Seller Center then fill the Xform with the below details to forward your request to the concerned team.
Chose A topic you want us to help you with - Select Payments
Select your problem - Payments - Select Update bank details
New Account Title
New Account Number (IBAN only)
New Bank Name
New Branch Code
Please explain what went wrong
Attachment - Attach new cheque copy showing IBAN
Click on Submit
Note: Seller can use the details of Easypaisa and Jazz Cash accounts as they fall under the Microfinance Banking system.
For Easypaisa sellers can share the IBAN mentioned in the Easypaisa account along with the account screenshot.
For JazzCash sellers have first to link the account with Mobilink Microfinance Bank and after that, they can update the details in the seller center.

How do I view discounts in my account statement?
Voucher Discounts
Voucher discount can also be manually calculated using a formula on the order exports data:
Voucher Amount = unit price - paid price - voucher discount (if any)
Bundle Discounts
Sellers cannot directly see the discounts applicable on statements. but can get visibility to Bundle Discounts by following the steps below:
Bundle discounts can also be seen in the order exports data under the Bundle Discount column

How do I get my transaction Id?
When you will export your account statement you will get the transaction id in your file .
If there is still an issue you must contact our care center through live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) if you are looking for the transaction ID of your payment. Your request will be forwarded to the concerned team by our support team.

How do I extract my account statement?
Go to the "Finance" tab
Click on Account Statement.
Select the time period for which you want the transaction report
Click on Export and a pop-up will appear
Click on Download

How can I get my tax certificate?
You must get it externally by yourself. No tax certificate is provided by Daraz.