Easypaisa Signup:

How to Create Easypaisa account on IOS?
kc-oss-1661771838789-image.png
kc-oss-1661771868319-image.png

How to Check Transaction Limit?
kc-oss-1661771958372-image.png
kc-oss-1661772000161-image.png
kc-oss-1708069538645-image.png

How to Upgrade your Easypaisa Account?
kc-oss-1661772156679-image.png
kc-oss-1661772174222-image.png
kc-oss-1661772211164-image.png

What is Easypaisa Signup?
Daraz brings for you a new feature to make your ecommerce journey successful. Now, you do not need a bank account to make your transactions as a seller on Daraz.
Easypaisa wallet is a digital account for B2B transactions, bill payments, tax fees and all other transactions. With Easypaisa Wallet you can make fast and secure payments easily anywhere and anytime.

How to Create Easypaisa account on android?
kc-oss-1661771706309-image.png
kc-oss-1661771749218-image.png

How to update Easy Paisa account details on Seller Center?
To update your Easy Paisa account details, please follow these steps:
Once you Signup into Easypaisa account you can get the IBAN from the below steps:
kc-oss-1708068862782-Group 2020.png
Now login to your Seller Center Account.
Go to "Account & Settings."
Click on "Profile" under "Account & Settings."
Add the Bank Details select "TELENOR MICROFINANCE BANK", ensuring that you enter the full IBAN number instead of the account number.

Daraz x Visa Partnership:

What is the Daraz University and Visa Partnership?
The Partnership will help you with the following benefits:
Business Management
Financial Basics for Your Business
A Guide to Starting a Business

What is business management?
Efficient business management is a key element in being successful in any venture. Daraz x Visa will walk you through the four main factors that you must learn about to ensure your business thrives consistently.
1. Savings
What are savings and their importance?
Tips to make savings in your business.
What are savings accounts? 
2. Financing
What is financing?
What are the best ways to get funding for your business? 
3. Accounting
What is accounting?
Setting up an accounting system
About Accounting Support
4. Risk Management
What are the internal risks?
External risks and their types
How to prepare for risks?

What are the Financial Basics for Your Business?
Every business must have a good understanding of certain basic concepts. There are three financial basics that help you get a good basis upon which you can build your business foundation.
1. Budgeting
Budgeting is important.
How to create a budget?
2. Profit and loss statement
Regarding business costs and revenue,
Creating profit & loss statements
profit and loss statement, 
3. Measuring success
Factors for Business Success
How to Set Productive Goals?

How to Start a Business?
Are you thinking of starting your own business but don't know where to begin? This will help you learn the initial steps of setting up your business with ease.
An introduction to business,
How to turn ideas into a business?
How to do market research and make business plans
About business investment and funding.
Business registration

Seller Signup:

What can be the shop rejection reasons?
The following are some of the most common reasons why seller applications are rejected.
Go to pdf Signup Rejection Reasons

Does Daraz have a seller center app? What functions can I perform from the app?
Yes! Daraz Seller Center mobile application is available on the play store and App store. Daraz Seller Center's mobile app allows you to manage your business on the go. You will never lose a business opportunity, even when you are not on your system. The app allows you to:
Check new orders’ notifications
Update stock count
Revise prices
Review your shop performance
Add new products
View and modify uploaded products
Cater to the inquiries of buyers
View, fulfill, and manage orders (RTS, print shipping label, etc.)
View or edit seller profile, general info, settings, and access tutorials

How can I create my own brand?
If you have your own brand of products, you can follow this easy step by step guide and learn how to create your brand name on Seller Center. This allows sellers to list products belonging to their own brands in their shop. Please note that it takes 24 hours for our team to review your brand for authorization of sale on Daraz.
In case you have any problems creating your brand or uploading products to your store, make sure to review the following:
Category Restriction Policy to learn about our restricted categories, the reason for the restriction, and how you can sell items within these categories on Daraz.
You must provide either an authorization letter, registration certificate, or dealership certificate. Reference material has been provided for your ease.
What you will learn:
What is Automated Brand Creation?
Step by Step Guide to Brand Creation
Benefits of Brand Name
Documents required for the approval to sell certain brands or in certain categories.

How does Daraz work?
How does Daraz work:
You will have complete control of your online shop
You can create your own products
You can set your own prices and discounts
The Process:
When you receive an order, Securely package your product as per our guidelines and hand it over to your assigned shipping provider
Once your product has been delivered, we will transfer you the money value of your order after deducting the applied fee or charge. It can be seen in your account statement.
If for some reason we are unable to have your products delivered, we will have them brought back to you within 30 days.

What should I do to ensure that my seller application is not rejected?
Here are some pointers to help you avoid any problems with your seller application.
CNIC Attachment
When attaching your CNIC copy during the seller sign up process, kindly make sure:
The image attached is clear & should be in JPEG/PNG format
Both the front & back copies are attached
The photo attached is not cropped
The name on the CNIC matches the account title you have mentioned
The name, identity number, dates of issue & date of expiration are clearly visible
CNIC should not be expired
NTN Attachment
When attaching your NTN copy during the seller sign up process, kindly make sure:
The image attached is clear with all details mentioned
The name on the NTN matches the account title you have mentioned
The NTN is valid and includes your business registration number
The NTN follows the format (PNG/JPEG) and guidelines required
Cheque Attachment
When attaching your cheque copy during the seller sign up process, kindly make sure:
The image attached is clear, with your name & IBAN clearly visible
The photo attached is not cropped
The account details are valid
The cheque attached matches the details you have mentioned in the bank information
The Cheque image format should be JPEG/PNG
Please note: A sign-up rejection reason can be that Daraz does not have services in the area mentioned in your address.

What are the various types of sellers on Daraz?
There are 3 types of sellers on Daraz.
DarazMall Seller:
DarazMall offers consumers a quality shopping experience with 100% authentic products. We offer trusted brands with superior delivery and return experience.
You are a brand owner or authorized distributor
Exclusive access to dedicated DarazMall campaigns
Benefit from higher overall search ranking
Access to thousands of customers
Pay Commission only when you sell
Local Seller:
Daraz offers consumers the largest variety of assortment from reliable local sellers who created a delightful shopping experience
You are based locally
Access to multiple seller tools for your store
Pay commission only when you sell
Digital Sahulat:
Daraz offers consumers the widest sort of digital goods & services from local sellers. It is a platform for digital convenience: where consumers enjoy exclusive offers, pay digitally, get instant digital delivery.
You are based locally
Access to multiple seller tools for your store
Pay commission only when you sell

How do I sign up as a DarazMall Seller?
If you have never opted for DarazMall during your time at Daraz, you can choose to do so on your homepage on the seller center. When you opt for DarazMall, you will be prompted to submit brand names and relevant documentation. After you have submitted, your brand will be reviewed and if successful, you will be able to use the brand name in product listing!
Go to the Brand Management tab on the Seller Center and fill out the form with the required documentation to submit your brand request.
Fill in your brand information
Add the relevant information and submit your brand request.
Go to the Add Products tab under Products in Seller Center.
Please Note: When you register a brand and it is approved, your current assortment will be made inactive. For up to 7 days, you can edit your listings with the brand value(s) you have registered and re-list. Remember! If you have a non-branded assortment or non-verified assortment, it cannot be hosted on DarazMall. Attempting to upload such an assortment against a misleading brand will result in compliance actions.
You will be directed to the brand information page where you can view important details such as:
Date Applied
Brand Name
Relation
Category
Status of your registration
Expiration date 
You can also update your review your documents, re-apply and update your information.

How long does the account verification take?
Once a vendor signs up and completes the to-do list, their application is evaluated, validated, and authorized within 5 working days.
Below are two stages of Account Verification:
To-do list verification
Finance verification
Note: If your application is refused, our team will send you an email explaining the rejection reason.

How do I sign up as a local seller?
You can find the “sell on Daraz” on the website and App.
Website - Sell on Daraz button is available on the top of the Daraz home page.
Application - Download the Seller Center Application.
Step 1: Click on "Sign up", if you are based locally. Now you will be able to view the seller sign-up form.
Fill out the following details with accurate details
If you have a referral code, then you can enter that as well and click Create Account.
Step 2: Complete the to-do list.
As you submit the registration form, you'll proceed to the "To-do list" which includes:
Step 2 (A): Update Profile.
You have to submit the following details:
Step 2 (B). All 3 addresses (warehouse, business & return address) can be the same. Please mention the correct details then click on submit.
Note: House name and number should be mentioned, else your request will be rejected.
Step 2 (C): Select your Account type.
Click on "Submit"
Step 2 (D): Verify your ID & Bank details:
Click on "Submit"
Step 2 (E): Order packaging material.
To order the packaging material go to the Daraz website, select the packaging material as per your requirement. You must order your packaging material using the same seller email id which is registered on Daraz.
Step 3: Input order packaging details
Once you update all the required details click on the Submit button.
Note: You can only order packaging material after 24 hours once signed up

What documents do you need to complete verification?
To complete brand verification in all categories on Daraz, it is essential to follow the guidelines and furnish the necessary documents listed below.
kc-oss-1708075311841-image.png
For Health & Beauty, the following guidelines are essential:
kc-oss-1708075342666-image.png
Make sure to add these documents in the Upload section in your brand registration page.
If you want to register your brand via social media, you should meet the following criteria:
Have an authentic brand name and logo.
Your branded packaging should be visible on your profile (where applicable).
Minimum 10K followers, at least 100 posts, and at least 5 positive customer reviews.

How do I sign up as a Digital Sahulat Seller?
The Digital Goods category consists of goods that are intangible and only exist in a digital form.
Step 1: Go to Seller Center > Scroll down you will see Digital Goods click on "Apply". Now you will be able to view the details.
Fill out the following details with accurate details
Step 2 (B): Fill in your DG category description
Please select the digital goods you are interested to sell in and also attach the authorization letter from the brand
Once you have filled in all the information at each step, click on "Submit".
You have now registered to become a seller on Daraz.

Product and Pricing:

How to avoid errors when listing products?
Seller center approves those products only that are as per Daraz policy and guidelines. Any product that violates Daraz’s policies will not be uploaded on the Seller Center.
Types of Errors:
Sensitive Keywords
Keywords mentioned in the product title, highlights, and description should not be sensitive or prohibited to be sold on Daraz as per Daraz policies and guidelines.
Category Restriction
Select the category for the products which you are authorized to sell.If you select a category that is restricted and not all sellers are allowed to sell, an error will appear preventing your product from being listed on the Seller Center in that category.
Restricted Brands
Select the relevant and genuine brand for your products.If you select an incorrect brand for your product, an error will appear preventing your product from being listed on Seller Center.
Prohibited Items
You will not be able to list items that are prohibited to be sold on Daraz. You may not post or sell any item which is prohibited or restricted by law and regulation. Selling and posting items may be prohibited because of both local and international law.
Unreasonable Price
Each category/brand has a defined price range, selling items on either too low or too high price compared to the set price range will lead to an error. Product Price must be fair and reflect the current market value.
Incorrect Weight
Mention accurate weight for your products while listing. Weight range depends on the item and the category to which it belongs, selecting the weight beyond the set range will lead to an error and the product will not be uploaded

How to create product variations?
Please follow the steps below to create the variations
Login to Daraz Seller Center with your registered ID and password
Click the "Products" Tab
Select "Manage Products" options
You will arrive on the Product Overview page. Here you will see all the products listed in your shop.
Take the cursor on the product for which you want to add product variations.
Click on "Edit" 
On the product page, scroll down to the "Variants, Price, Stock" section
If you wish to add a product variation, Upload the images
In this example, a color variation (Black Shirt) and sizes (16.5, 17, 17.5, 20) were added
You may input as many variations as you want
Once you have updated the color family & Size then fill in the following:
Price: Write down the price of the product inclusive (including) of Daraz commission
Quantity: Write down the quantity of this product that you have allocated specifically for Daraz
Special Price & Date of promotion: If you wish to make your products go on sale for a specific time period, then you can also mention the special Sale Price along with the Sale start date and end date
Lastly, click on "Submit", the additional variation for this product is now created & will be displayed on the website
Variations are different sizes and colors of the same product.
How to create variations in bulk?
Use Associated SKUs to combine variations into one product.
Set the Associated SKU for all the SKU variations. One seller SKU is to be set as the Associated SKU so that all variations will be tied into one product group anchored by that one Seller SKU member.
Tip: Choose the topmost Seller SKU for easier identification

What are product variations?
Product variations are probably something you encounter every time you shop online, but you may not have known the e-commerce term.
Product variations allow sellers to offer various purchase options for products such as sizes, colors, shades, scents, flavors, materials, capacities or weights, etc.
These Variations appear on a single product page and allow customers to view the different options they have for purchasing the same product.
Product Variations Examples
A Shirt can have variations in:
Size (S, M, L, XL, etc.)
Colors (Black, Blue, Red, White, etc)

What are the items that I cannot sell on Daraz?
The aim of this policy is to build trust and confidence in our buyers when they shop on Daraz. You may not post or sell an item that is restricted by law. Below are the prohibited products but this list is not exhaustive. As a seller, you are responsible for ensuring that you don't list anything restricted.
Breach of this policy will result in your product being locked. Associated noncompliance points are also mentioned. A seller will face account deactivation once they accumulate 48 non-compliance points.

How to upload products in bulk quantity?
To upload your products in bulk please follow the below-mentioned steps:
Step 1: Go to the Products tab
Step 2: Click on Bulk Add/Edit Products
Step 3: Click on ‘Add Product
Step 4: Scroll down to see the categories and templates. Select your desired category and template.
Step 5: Click on Download, Once downloaded, open the template. Download Template
Step 6: Fill in the template details, and then Go back to the Add Product tab
Step 7: Click on Upload Template File

What can be the Reasons for rejection of products?
The followings are the reasons and descriptions for the rejection of products.
Wrong Category: The product must be tagged in its relevant category within the category tree for correct tagging and visibility on the website.
Additional Poses Required: Clear and more than one image must be provided to give customers better clarity of the product. Images should be a front view of the product, side view, and back view of the product.
Incorrect Brand Name: The brand name should be genuine and the one that is shown in the image or mentioned on the product. Misleading, incorrect and fake brand names are not allowed.
"What’s in the box missing": If the image and the description show more than one item then it must be mentioned in the “What’s in the box ” is missing section along with the quantity. This includes the accessories or any other item that is included in the package content of that particular SKU.
Replica products not allowed: If the product appears to be a replica/fake then it will be rejected.
Size chart required: In case of a fashion item be it apparel or shoes, a size chart must be provided.
No scribbles are allowed: No watermark or scribbles are allowed on the images.
Features missing/insufficient information: Accurate information should be provided about the product with detailed descriptions and specifications depending on the type of product you’re selling. Incorrect or insufficient information on a particular product leads to QC rejection.
Product not allowed on the website: Daraz, does not allow products prohibited by law, counterfeit, religious, or products that are dangerous.
Other Reason: If the product does not seem appropriate and as per Daraz standards for reasons other than the ones mentioned above, it is rejected.

How do I select the correct category for my product?
You'll need to download the category tree to find the right category for your product.
How to download the category tree?
Step 1: Log into Seller Center → Select the Products tab → Click on Manage Products
Once you are directed to the products overview page:
Step 2: Click on Bulk Upload/Edit
Step 3: Click on Export Category and Brands
You can now search for your category in the category tree for products you want to upload
Common Reasons For Miscategorization
What should I do if I miscategorize products?
You must select the correct category for your product. If you have miscategorize any product then you need to update the category of your product by following the below steps:
On the product overview page, click on Actions for the product you wish to update
Step 2: Click on Edit Details and ensure all product attributes are accurately filled in

How do I manage my products?
If you want to view and manage your products, Log into Seller Center – Select the Products Management – Click on Manage Products
On the Product Management page, you can view your products and their variations, as well as filter your search.
Product/SKU: The Product tab allows you to see your products as a whole, while the SKU tab allows you to view products and their variations separately. Sellers may choose between product or SKU level views as per their preference
Filters: These allow you to search products using the ID, title, Seller SKU or Shop SKU.
On the Product Management page, you can also find export/import templates to easily manage the transfer of data.
The seller can also bulk update their products on their store using this feature.
Price & Stock Update
On the Product Overview page, you can view all your added SKUs with their relevant details
You can edit the products:
Price: increase or decrease the price according to what you want.
Stock: this refers to the available stock of a specific product. Keep this up to date to avoid any problems.
Editing Content
On the Product Overview page, you can also edit the content of your products
Scroll to Actions revise all product details such as name, description, etc.
Edit
Share
Data
Clone
Deactivate
Delete
Product Filters
This filter will help view all your added products and their relevant status - Whether approved or rejected

How to do single product listing?
It's a step-by-step method. For maximum product visibility on the Daraz website, you must complete this step-by-step process.
1. Log in to the Seller Center. Go to the ‘Products’ Tab, click on ‘Manage Products’
2. You will now arrive at the ‘Add Product’ Page. Fill in the Basic Information. For example, Product images & Videos.
Product Name: Enter the product information- this formula may vary depending on the product category - and include all relevant keywords to ensure your product is found when customers search.
3. Category: Select the appropriate category for your item; you will also be able to see category suggestions based on the product name you entered, or you can choose manually.
Click on More to reveal additional fields which you can fill with information about your product.
4. Product Highlights: Fill the details below for listing of your product.
5. Product Description: Include the product description so that the buyer has all the details about what you have to offer.
If you input generic key features such as
Long-Lasting
Good Resolution
Imported
Your product will not stand out from the other products and will make it difficult to convert visitors to customers.
Your product Key Features should be specific and mention details like
Type of Warranty (If Applicable)
Screen Size
Screen Type
Screen Resolution
Smart Options
Other key features such as (HDR)
6. Variants, Price & Stock: Fill the details below.
Color Family: Input the color of your product. After you've chosen your product's color, you can either upload images from your computer or use the media center to add images of your product.
Fill in the following information for your SKU:
Price
Special Price (if any)
Quantity of your product
Seller SKU - A unique code to identify your product.
Free Items (if any)
If you want to create a different variation of this same product, click on Add a new SKU.
Use the shortcut options or make the changes that vary (for example, color or the amount of stock available).
7. Service & Delivery for your product
Warranty type: Select the type of warranty if applicable on your product. Also, fill in additional fields such as your warranty period and warranty policy.
Package Weight: Fill in the weight of your parcel in Kilograms (KG)
Package Dimensions: Input the dimensions of your package in centimeters (cm)
Click on More to reveal additional fields which you can fill with information about your product.
Click on Submit
Your product is now created and will be reviewed by our Quality Control Team.
When your product is approved, it will appear on the Daraz website with all of the content you specified in your product description and other fields.

How to list products in restricted categories?
Seller who wants to list in the restricted categories is required to share the below-mentioned document as per the seller type with the seller support team:
Manufacturer needs to share Pakistan Standard & Quality Control Authority (PSQCA) Certificate
Importer can share No objection certificate (NOC) & Authorization letter from brand
Resellers needs to share the Brand Authorization Letter/ Distribution letter (on Company's letter head)
The approval process may include document requests, performance checks, and other qualifications.
Note: The brand which the sellers are trying to list under the restricted categories should be registered from PSQCA.

Account Management:

What will happen to my pending orders if I go on Holiday Mode?
If you activate the seller holiday mode while still having pending orders in your order management, your fulfillment timeline will not be extended. As a result, it is recommended that sellers complete all outstanding orders before going on vacation.

What are Daraz Seller Center Contact details?
Want to talk to our Seller Support team? You can call us at 021-111-735537 between 09:00 AM - 5:00 PM ( Mon - Sat ) or to connect to our Seller Support team on Chat between 09:00 AM - 9:00 PM (Mon - Sun)
For Desktop:
Login to your seller account through Seller Center
Go to Seller Help Center
Scroll down and tap on "Chat Now" 
For Daraz Seller App:
Download the Daraz Seller App and login to your seller account ( Android / IOS )
Go to "Me" section
Tap on Seller Help center
Scroll down and tap on "Chat With Us"

How to change shop name?
You must contact our seller support team via Live Chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday) from your registered account if you want to modify your shop name. Your request will be forwarded to the concerned department by our champ.

What is Holiday Mode?
If you're planning a vacation, don't have enough stock, or are unable to work for any reason, and are concerned about what to do now that you won't be able to carry out your operations at Daraz,
In such cases, Daraz has a special feature for its sellers that allows them to set their store to "Holiday Mode."
Your product listings will go offline when you switch to holiday mode. As a result, you don't get any orders to process.
How To Set Up Holiday Mode
Set up your store in 'Holiday Mode' by following the instructions.
1 - Go to the Daraz Seller Center and log in.
2 - Click on "Account & Settings" & select "Profile" from the dropdown
3 -Select "Yes" on Holiday Mode
4 - Select the duration for Holiday Mode (on the end date, your store will automatically go online)
5 - Click on Submit
Note: If you wish to set your shop off holiday mode and get back to business. Simply follow the same steps and click on "No" on holiday mode.
Can I access the seller center on holiday mode?
Your shop being on holiday mode doesn’t mean that you can’t access Seller Center
With the holiday mode activated, you can still do the following:
Upload products to your shop
Edit or change your content (including titles, description, product photos, etc.)
Instant Messaging feature can be used to chat with customers
Please note: There will be no impact on your scorecard and performance dashboard while holiday mode is activated

How do I reset my Password?
Daraz seller center gives instant access to the seller. If you forgot your password, do not worry. You can easily reset it.
Step1: Open the Seller Center and select whether you want to Email Sign-In or Phone Sign-In
Step 2: Click on “Forgot Password”
Step 3: Verify your "Email or Phone Number"
Step 4: Enter the "Code" & Enter your "New Password"
Step 5: Click on “Submit/Save Changes”
Your password will be reset once you submit it.

How can I activate/deactivate my account?
For Account Deactivation you can contact us on Live Chat https://psc-alimebot.daraz.pk/intl/index.htm?from=ViOYzLHgGx & For Account Activation you can call us 021111735537.
It usually takes 3-5 working days for an account to be activated/deactivated.
Note: Seller must contact with registered credentials

Order Packaging and Fulfillment:

How to input the right weight & dimensions in Seller Center?
kc-oss-1626326773934-image.png
Always ensure that the right dimension is entered in Seller Center and the Physical Weight and Volumetric weight are equal.

Is it possible to drop off my parcel at the nearest TCS office?
To drop off your parcel, please visit to our Daraz hub or your allocated shipping provider/logistic partner.

Where do I have to drop my orders?
You must submit your package to your shipper; you may find your drop-off location in Seller Center.
Follow the below steps to check your shipping provider (drop off location):
Login Seller Center, click on Account & Settings
Select the Profile option from the drop-down
Click on the Shipping Provide

What are the standard Daraz Hub parcel drop-off times?
kc-oss-1710248854199-9329e42a4f69203f767b1bde700ef078.png

Is it possible to schedule a parcel drop-off appointment on the same day?
Yes, drop-off appointments can only be made one day in advance or on the same day.

How can I order packaging material?
Note: This is to inform you that FM stations across Pakistan will stop selling seller packaging material on April 15th.
Once you’ve filled out all the information for seller sign up, make sure to go to Daraz website and order the packaging material, as per your requirements
You can easily order your packaging material from Daraz
Create a customer account on Daraz with your registered seller email address
On the Daraz website or App, search for 'Daraz packaging material'. You will be able to see different packaging materials. Click on the one you wish to purchase to view its details & specifications
Once decided, click 'Buy Now' to place your order
Tips to Remember:
Order packaging material directly from the website.
Place the order with your registered seller email address and not any other ID.
You must create or have a customer account to order packaging material.
Order regularly to avoid cancellations due to no packaging material.
Make sure that you have enough packaging material for one month.
Please check out the link for more information.
Important: After the buyer and seller accounts have been created, orders may only be placed after 24 hours.
Note: All Daraz Sellers are now allowed to use their own packaging material, subject to the quality guidelines.

What are the Packaging Guidlines for Sellers?
Note: This is to inform you that FM stations across Pakistan will stop selling seller packaging material on April 15th.
Please make sure you are complying with the following guidelines when packing your orders
kc-oss-1655722337773-image.png
Important note:
Any item having multiple components/parts , must be packed together in one package.
Example: Split Air Conditioner - both indoor and outdoor unit needs to be packed in one packaging and a single shipping label to be pasted.

Can I return packaging material?
No, the packaging materials are not returnable.

Is it possible for me to schedule another slot on the same day if I booked a slot by mistake and then cancelled it?
No, you are only allowed to make one reservation per day.

Is it required to schedule an order processing slot through the seller scheduling tool?
Yes, if you live in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad/Rawalpindi you must reserve a slot through the Seller Scheduling tool on the Seller Center; otherwise, you can drop your parcel off at your local hub.

Will I get the receipt if I drop my orders?
If you drop your parcel at our Daraz hub, you will receive an email confirmation, but if you drop it off at a third party, such as Leopard, you must bring your receiving print and they will stamp it for you.

What is the usage policy and terms and conditions for my own packaging material?
All seller's can use own packaging material according below mentioned criteria for their orders processing.
Middle Banner.png
PACKAGING BANNER (2).png
Terms & Conditions:
Packaging should be of good material.
Packaging material should be of good quality as it will not tear apart easily.
Do not use already used packaging material.
Packaging material should be of seal which is not easily be open.
The minimum size of the packaging material (flyer) should be 7*8 inches.
The maximum size of the packaging material (flyer) should be 12*16 inches.
It should not be transparent, should not be sealed with tapes.
Seller name or brand logo can be on the flyer but not terms and conditions.
Accurate supplementary packaging must be used correctly as per the relevant category and empty spaces should be filled.
Marketplace Sellers are advised to use plain flyers, while Daraz Mall Sellers can use their own branded flyers. (No contact/address details are to be mentioned on it).
Flyers should be sealed using the flyer sealing only.
Transparent tape is to be used on the boxes.
Airway Bill must be taped and well sticked within the provided pocket on the flyer.
Use flyers for non-bulky and small items according to their size. If they are large in size then either use a larger size flyer or pack them in a box.
Reused flyers are not acceptable.
Staple pins are not allowed on flyers/boxes.
The product should not be visible through the packaging material.
Product name should not be mentioned on the flyer or box.
Note: If these packaging guidelines are not followed then your parcel may get rejected at hub or on pick-up.

How to scan your products at Daraz Hub?
The steps to inbound an item in the system are as follows:
kc-oss-1663158781137-ezgif.com-gif-maker (24).gif
Check self-scanning stations list

Will I have to pay shipping charges?
No! Sellers are not responsible for shipping costs. Customers pay delivery costs, but if a seller offers free shipping or a shipping discount, the discount amount is deducted from the seller's payout.

How can I avail pickup services?
For pick-up services, if you're using the Drop-off module, you'll need to contact our seller support staff via live chat from 9:00 am to 09:00 pm (Monday - Sunday). If you meet the requirements, our seller support officer will compile the necessary data and forward your information to the relevant department.

What if I am unable to drop my orders within the SLA?
If you are unable to drop the orders within the SLA, the order will be canceled by the sourcing team and will effect your seller score card
kc-oss-1706163282861-asd.png

How long does it take for me to receive a packing material?
A packing material order is typically delivered in 1-3 business days (timelines may vary depending on circumstances/locations).

What is Shipping Weight Policy?
How is shipping weight calculated?
Shipping weight is the weight calculated as the actual weight or the volumetric weight of a package.
Actual Weight: The actual or dead weight of the package
Volumetric Weight: Calculated using the following formula for the package: (Length (cm) x Width (cm) x Height (cm))/5000
The higher of the two is called shipping weight or 'chargeable weight' which is used to calculate your shipping fee.
What are the product listing requirements for weight
Sellers on Daraz are required to provide accurate weights and dimensions of the packages at the time of listing the product. This should include the weight of the product including the packaging.
The package weight must be specified in Kilograms (KG) and the package dimensions (length, width, and height) must be specified in Centimeters (CM).
What happens if you insert incorrect weight details
Sellers are responsible for ensuring that the weights and dimensions of the packed products provided are accurate. Failure to comply with these policy requirements may result in penalties, including but no limited to delisting of products, and financial liabilities for additional delivery charges.
If the weight provided by the Seller is incorrect, Daraz may update the approximate weights and dimensions on the seller's behalf.
What kind of financial penalties may apply to sellers
As per the Shipping Weight Policy at Daraz, in cases where an incorrect entry of weight and/or dimensions by the Seller results in additional delivery fee being incurred by Daraz, Daraz shall claim such additional costs from the seller directly by deducting the amount from the seller's payouts.
How to go about dispute resolution
In case of any disputes regarding the accuracy of weight and dimensions, sellers may submit evidence for review to Daraz. Such cases will be investigated and a decision will be made based on the evidence provided and communicated to the sellers.
Sellers are encouraged to reach out to Daraz's support channels for any assistance regarding weight measurements and listing requirements.

Store Builder Guide:

How does Store Builder work?
It displays the best-selling products in an appealing layout which the Seller chooses to display on their shop as a way to attract customers.
You can use the following measures in order to increase your sales using the store builder tool:
Refresh your SKUs every 2 weeks
Keep campaigns up to date
Add content to increase engagement
Remove SKUs with no stock

What are the best practices of Store Layout & Branding?
Please ensure the following measures are taken to build and maintain your store quality:
For better Store layout and branding, including a clear Unique Selling Point (USP) message, ensuring header and banner availability
For better Product/Content quality, you should focus on high-quality images and content with the right dimensions, having images with a white background
For a better App experience, ensure that your store is decorative in order to attract customers.
The following are common practices of Store Layout & Branding that leads to an attractive store:
Having a header on the store gives a better look of your shop to the customers
Avoid heavy texts in banners
Avoid promotional texts
Upload separate header for desktop and App
Upload separate banner artworks for desktop and App